== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Oct at 20:11 &mdash; 20:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-10-08-20.11.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''Vote:'' Re-verification for Ubuntu France LoCo Team (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-10-08-20.11.log.html#36 Re-verification for Ubuntu France LoCo Team]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters Letozaf_, gsilvapt_, nhaines



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * nhaines (42)
 * gsilvapt_ (26)
 * meetingology (11)
 * Letozaf_ (5)



== Full Log ==


 20:11 <nhaines> #startmeeting

 20:11 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  8 20:11:53 2018 UTC.  The chair is nhaines. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:11 <meetingology> 

 20:11 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:12 <nhaines> Welcome to the Ubuntu LoCo Council meeting!  Our agenda today is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda

 20:13 <nhaines> First up is the re-verification for the Italian Ubuntu LoCo Team.

 20:13 <nhaines> Their application is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ItalianTeam/ReApprovalApplication2018

 20:14 <nhaines> Are any representatives from the Italian team present?

 20:16 <nhaines> Okay, because this is the second meeting with no representative from the team and we do not have a quorum for this agenda item (due to an abstention!), we will keep the re-verification bug open and try to get this resolved within the next week.

 20:17 <nhaines> The next item on our agenda is the re-verification for the French-speaking Ubuntu LoCo Team.  Their application is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FrenchTeam/ReVerificationApplication2018

 20:17 <gsilvapt_> Before that, what should we say to them in the ML? We've been receiving some emails to request us to urge and solve this at

 20:18 <gsilvapt_> s/at/matter

 20:18 <gsilvapt_> I feel for them but I know our side of the story. The point being that I am not seeing with good appreciation their request and constant reminders their membership is terminating

 20:18 <nhaines> I'm pretty sure I mentioned to him that I extended the provisional verification to past this meeting date, but I'll email him and give him an update of what we're doing.  (And kick the LCC members into voting on the bug!)  :)

 20:19 <gsilvapt_> And if there's anything we can do about that

 20:19 <gsilvapt_> LCC?

 20:19 <nhaines> That's us!  (The LoCo Community Council)

 20:20 <nhaines> I explained to him that the LoCo cannot lose status during re-verification and the Launchpad membership will not affect any requests to Canonical while we're working on their status.

 20:20 <nhaines> I'll explain it to him again, but pushing the date out another week will just increase the number of email warnings they get about expiration, and they won't be any more accurate than the one's they're already getting.

 20:21 <nhaines> But yes, I'll send an email after the meeting.

 20:21 <gsilvapt_> Ok, thank you

 20:22 <gsilvapt_> Regarding the next item, the French LoCo, I have my vote ready but I'm not sure if we can vote since we have no quorum tonight :)

 20:22 <nhaines> I'll also note here for the record that we did get the additional information from them, just via email in a couple threads, which slowed things down a little.  They've been cooperative and we appreciate that.  Just infrastructural delays.  :)

 20:22 <gsilvapt_> Oh wait, Carla will vote now, that's 3 votes, I guess

 20:22 <nhaines> Yes.  :)

 20:23 <Letozaf_> yes I'm ready :)

 20:23 <nhaines> So the French LoCo has been pretty active.  I know they had a very strong presence at UbuCon Europe and are actively championing the Ubuntu Federation.  (I think it was their idea.)

 20:24 <Letozaf_> there is no doubt they are very active

 20:24 <nhaines> Lots of events planned, and they have very high membership and a lot of activities.  I think they remain along with Germany some of the best examples of what LoCo teams can achieve.

 20:25 <nhaines> They even got three wallpapers into Ubuntu 18.10 via the Ubuntu Free Culture Showcase.  :)

 20:25 <nhaines> (Technically one was from a non-member, but it was a photo of their event, ha.)

 20:25 <gsilvapt_> Agree.

 20:25 <nhaines> So I guess I'm ready to start the vote.

 20:25 <Letozaf_> me too

 20:26 <gsilvapt_> Go for it

 20:26 <nhaines> #vote Re-verification for Ubuntu France LoCo Team

 20:26 <meetingology> Please vote on: Re-verification for Ubuntu France LoCo Team

 20:26 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:26 <gsilvapt_> +1

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 received from gsilvapt_

 20:26 <Letozaf_> +1

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 received from Letozaf_

 20:26 <nhaines> +1 amazing work

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 amazing work received from nhaines

 20:27 <nhaines> #endvote

 20:27 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Re-verification for Ubuntu France LoCo Team

 20:27 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:27 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:27 <gsilvapt_> Abstentions should actually be 2 :P

 20:27 <nhaines> They didn't abstain, they're just absent.  :P

 20:27 <gsilvapt_> Isn't it the same? :P

 20:28 <nhaines> Nope, abstention means "I can vote, but I will not vote for or against."

 20:28 <nhaines> It's slightly different.  :)

 20:28 <nhaines> Okay, so by unanimous vote, Ubuntu France is re-verified for another 2 years.  Great job, ubuntu-fr!  :)

 20:29 <gsilvapt_> Well, regarding the previous action items: First, we should've started from there. Secondly, specifically about the wiki page for re-verification, I found no improvements to propose. It's just what it is. A big chunk of information that whoever is interested has to read.

 20:29 <nhaines> You're refering to the Italian Team?

 20:30 <gsilvapt_> We are limited to the page and I guess we can't do much more about it. Regardless, everything the Council (current and future groups) and any LoCo team need to know is just here

 20:30 <gsilvapt_> s/here/there

 20:30 <nhaines> I would have preferred it if the application were updated, but we invited them to answer our questions via private Launchpad bug, and they answered us privately (although via email instead).

 20:31 <nhaines> So we take the sum of the application and the new information and decide that way.

 20:31 <gsilvapt_> No. Last meeting I asked what we could do to simplify/improve the re-verification guidelines. We set an action item for me to investigate and use the italian case to test what could be improved.

 20:31 <nhaines> Ah!

 20:31 <gsilvapt_> And we also set a few other items, AFAIK. And I see other meetings, namely the Ubuntu CC's start with those action items to discuss what was accomplish and what wasn't

 20:32 <gsilvapt_> Perhaps we should start with those in a next time

 20:32 <nhaines> Yes, but those items did not make it to the meeting agenda.

 20:32 <gsilvapt_> Hum, okay then. But was it intentional or a mistake?

 20:33 <nhaines> Surely an oversight.

 20:34 <nhaines> Other than the re-verification page that gives information about the process, were there other improvements that you recommend?

 20:34 <gsilvapt_> It's fine. Just wondering whether we wanted or not to discuss any of those. Regardless, I wanted to let you know I didn't propose any changes not because I haven't looked at it but because I feel there's pretty much nothing that can be done to improve it

 20:35 <gsilvapt_> No, the re-verification page was the only one under research because I always feel lost when I need to move applications to but reports. But I guess we get the hang of it with practice :)

 20:35 <nhaines> I'm always happy to discuss those things.  The meetings are a good place to publically summarize any conversations we have via mailing list or Telegram anyhow.

 20:36 <gsilvapt_> Agree

 20:36 <nhaines> gsilvapt_: you're doing well.  We're just seeing a little bit of miscommunication because the LoCo teams only do this every 2 years so sometimes they forget to ping others.  :)

 20:36 <nhaines> But we can streamline that, too.

 20:37 <nhaines> Thanks for reviewing the re-verification page.  It's important to have fresh eyes on things from time to time.

 20:37 <gsilvapt_> Thanks. It's fine. I thought I could do something about it but I admit that it is already a good job! It is what it is :)

 20:37 <nhaines> When you read it often enough, mistakes become invisible!

 20:37 <gsilvapt_> He he, true!

 20:38 <nhaines> That means we can work on improving things in different ways.  :)

 20:38 <nhaines> Okay, is there any other business for tonight?

 20:38 <gsilvapt_> I don't have anything :)

 20:38 <Letozaf_> nope

 20:39 <nhaines> Okay then, that's it for October.  Happy Ubuntu 18.10 to everybody next week!  :)

 20:39 <nhaines> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)