== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by didrocks, 05 Oct at 14:31 &mdash; 14:41 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-10-05-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:32.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (didrocks, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (didrocks, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:37)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:39.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * didrocks (32)
 * slyon (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (2)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <didrocks> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:40 UTC.  The chair is didrocks.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <ddstreet> o/

 14:32 <didrocks> hey slyon, ddstreet :)

 14:32 <didrocks> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:32 <didrocks> so, Christian merged the proposal for app-test level, it’s in the wiki now, thanks for everyone reviewing it

 14:33 <didrocks> I think we had no other things in the backlog if I’m correct

 14:33 <slyon> ack

 14:33 <didrocks> so, let’s move on

 14:33 <didrocks> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <didrocks> if I’m correct, there are only the usual false positives

 14:34 <didrocks> and nothing new there, which is to be expected at this stage of the cycle :)

 14:34 <didrocks> and fence-agents migrated

 14:35 <didrocks> ok, going on…

 14:35 <didrocks> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <didrocks> ah, still  egl-wayland

 14:36 <slyon> yeah. waiting for an improved testcase

 14:36 <didrocks> sounds like sarnold answered as expected, but no reply from Alberto yet. Let’s move it to incomplete maybe?

 14:36 <didrocks> so that we can see it back on the list once answered

 14:37 <slyon> done

 14:37 <didrocks> and wrote a comment for that to not be too harsh :)

 14:37 <didrocks> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:37 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <didrocks> libportal is in the list, but we are now in agreement with seb

 14:38 <didrocks> I didn’t set it yet to fix committed because we decided to postpone the promotion for next cycle

 14:39 <didrocks> same for fuse3

 14:39 <slyon> ok, nice!

 14:39 <didrocks> yeah, and then, nothing newer

 14:39 <didrocks> #topic Any other business?

 14:39 <slyon> nothing here

 14:40 <didrocks> I don’t have anything, hopefully next week meeting on release week won’t have last minute activity either :p

 14:40 <didrocks> I think ddstreet and all others are busy right now with the release…

 14:40 <didrocks> let’s wait one minute before closing it, if there is no last minute question

 14:40 <ddstreet> nothing from me

 14:41 <didrocks> ack, as it was the only 3 of us, let’s close it then

 14:41 <slyon> thank you didrocks for volunteering to run this meeting today. o/

 14:41 <didrocks> yw slyon :)

 14:41 <didrocks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)