== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 14 Sep at 14:33 &mdash; 14:49 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-09-14-14.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://paste.ubuntu.com/p/HhTKzRJSDQ/   (slyon, 14:36)

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:38)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-oslo.metrics/+bug/1943143   (cpaelzer, 14:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libportal/+bug/1932485   (cpaelzer, 14:43)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:46)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (75)
 * sarnold (9)
 * slyon (9)
 * didrocks (7)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full log ==


 14:33 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:33:47 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <ddstreet> o/

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ping for MIR ddstreet didrocks doko slyon sarnold jamespage

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:34 <cpaelzer> I have sent around some thoughts about rust, but that isn't an "action" yet

 14:34 <cpaelzer> I'd love if all of you could give that a review or if you are ok just an "ack" on the mail itself

 14:34 <sarnold> thanks for the reminder

 14:35 <slyon> will do

 14:35 <cpaelzer> if you want an open discussion about it please let us do so at the end in the "any other business" section

 14:35 <didrocks> will do

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:35 <cpaelzer> then heads up and for the log file now

 14:35 <cpaelzer> slyon:  here will be our new MIr team member from foundations

 14:35 <cpaelzer> he will help out where doko couldn't make it

 14:35 <sarnold> welcome slyon :)

 14:35 <cpaelzer> and he will start with adsys which shall make didrocks happy I hope

 14:35 <didrocks> \o/

 14:36 <slyon> o/ yes. I already prepared the adsys MIR, which I'd like to get reviewed/approved by some of you folks..

 14:36 <slyon> https://paste.ubuntu.com/p/HhTKzRJSDQ/

 14:36 <cpaelzer> but first of all (there isn't that much of a process, but I need to ask) - any objections that we include him

 14:36 <sarnold> wfm

 14:36 <didrocks> no objection either

 14:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: In can give your MIR-review a review tomorrow morning and let you know if I'd change anything

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I've taken a TODO for it

 14:37 <slyon> thanks

 14:37 <cpaelzer> in general to all of you, you know how it works - initially slyon will do reviews like each of us, but probably ask one of us if it is ok. Give him the favor of checking his work

 14:37 <cpaelzer> that way he can fully grow into the team

 14:38 <cpaelzer> about rust - once we have some discussions / acks in place I can (as promised) go further with it as suggestes by Steve

 14:38 <cpaelzer> now let us start the actual MIR content for today ...

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:38 <cpaelzer> mostly known false positives

 14:39 <cpaelzer> sarnold: weekly question for fence-agents review?

 14:39 <sarnold> cpaelzer: weekly answer, slightly more positive this time :)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> just FYI we updated the documentation already that talks about the package split and the promotion to main happening

 14:39 <cpaelzer> so the docs say you have done and hopefully ack'ed it in time :-)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> python-oslo ?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> I think I remember we talked about it, let me check the referenced MIR bugs

 14:40 <cpaelzer> Hmm

 14:40 <cpaelzer> no opend 5 days ago

 14:40 <cpaelzer> it is new and will be assigned in a later stage of the meeting as usual

 14:40 <cpaelzer> jamespage: or did you plan to review them anyway?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> that is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-oslo.metrics/+bug/1943143

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1943143 in python-prometheus-client (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-oslo.metrics, python-prometheus-client" [Undecided, New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and python-cheroot was added to https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-cheroot/+bug/1930111

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930111 in cherrypy3 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] new dependencies of cherrypy3: jaraco.collections, jaraco.classes, jaraco.text, python-cheroot, python-jaraco.functools, python-tempora, python-portend, zc.lockfile" [Undecided, In Progress]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> but that already is on security

 14:41 <cpaelzer> sarnold: is this tracked wherever you track the incoming reviews

 14:42 <cpaelzer> and BTW nothing else in mismatches to be concerned about

 14:42 <sarnold> cpaelzer: python-chroot yes, python-oslo.* no

 14:42 <cpaelzer> slyon: remind me on monday to tell you the story behind false-positives

 14:42 <sarnold> python-cheroot rather. silly name.

 14:42 <slyon> ack

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: that is ok then, oslo needs to go through MIR review first

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> 3 (kind of) bugs to review

 14:43 <cpaelzer> we have oslo (actually two packages)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> in

 14:43 <cpaelzer> in

 14:43 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-oslo.metrics/+bug/1943143

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1943143 in python-prometheus-client (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-oslo.metrics, python-prometheus-client" [Undecided, New]

 14:43 <cpaelzer> anyone wants to take that?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> and we have libportal in

 14:43 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libportal/+bug/1932485

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1932485 in libportal (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libportal" [Low, New]

 14:43 <cpaelzer> that needs a review as well

 14:44 <didrocks> I think libportal is desktopish, I can take that

 14:44 <cpaelzer> it is indeed

 14:44 <cpaelzer> your experience there is appreciated

 14:44 <cpaelzer> jamespage: did you intend to deal with oslo yourself

 14:44 <sarnold> "Note that there is a question on whether the API is stable at this point" .. is this really a candidate for 22.04 main?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> jamespage: and is thie urgent (21.10) or has time (22.04) ?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> indeed sarnold

 14:45 <cpaelzer> didrocks: please give some extra scrutiny to how maintainable that seems

 14:45 <cpaelzer> if it has only one user, maybe - but if many components use it and it is unstable I'm not sure ...

 14:45 <didrocks> will do

 14:45 <sarnold> good point

 14:46 <cpaelzer> assigned - thanks

 14:46 <cpaelzer> oslo then

 14:46 <cpaelzer> that should be fast, depsite being two libs

 14:46 <cpaelzer> I can have a look

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:47 <cpaelzer> egl-wayland we did last week

 14:47 <cpaelzer> and rust is the bug for the discussion that is in your mail inbox already

 14:47 <cpaelzer> nothing else newly incomplete that  needs our action

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok, open stage this is your chance if you have to adress anything

 14:48 <slyon> Can we change the assignee of https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/adsys/+bug/1936907 to myself? I do not seem to have sufficient permission

 14:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936907 in adsys (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ADSys" [Undecided, New]

 14:48 <didrocks> slyon: mind if we take 5 minutes post-meeting so that we address the first comments?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> doko added you to the team, so you should

 14:48 <cpaelzer> bit I can in any case

 14:49 <cpaelzer> done slyon

 14:49 <slyon> thanks cpaelzer

 14:49 <slyon> sure didrocks

 14:49 <cpaelzer> good suggestion I'll close for the logs to finish

 14:49 <cpaelzer> and then we can do a quick read of the RFC he linked

 14:49 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 14:49 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:49 <didrocks> nothing either

 14:49 <slyon> nothing

 14:49 <cpaelzer> ok already thanks to all of you

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)