== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 23 Feb at 15:31 &mdash; 15:50 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-23-15.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:36)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:41.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (70)
 * didrocks (30)
 * ddstreet (5)
 * sarnold (3)
 * jamespage (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * doko (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * diddledan (1)



== Full log ==


 15:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:09 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <doko> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> hello doko sarnold didrocks jamespage ddstreet

 15:31 <ddstreet> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> let us get this party started

 15:32 <jamespage> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:32 <cpaelzer> only reviews, but of that a lot

 15:32 <cpaelzer> I've seen ddstreet complete one

 15:32 <cpaelzer> I myself completed a bunch and helped doko

 15:32 <cpaelzer> so let me turn this around - are there MIR review left open that you'd know of?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I checked before the meeting and only found new cases (to be distributed today) and such assigned to seucrity atm

 15:33 <cpaelzer> let me knwo if you are backlog on a review so we can make sure it is not blocked on us for too long

 15:33 <cpaelzer> you can also reply on that later

 15:33 <cpaelzer> let us go on

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> smaller than it was as several things resolved

 15:34 <cpaelzer> nothing new in there

 15:34 <cpaelzer> needrestart will later be distrubted for reviews

 15:34 <cpaelzer> all other unapproved but existing MIRs are on security

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:35 <cpaelzer> diddledan: can https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libinih/+bug/1883890 be promoted now?

 15:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883890 in libinih (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libinih" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 15:35 <cpaelzer> sorry, I meant didrocks

 15:35 <diddledan> :-p

 15:35 <didrocks> o/

 15:35 <didrocks> diddledan is used to it :)

 15:35 <didrocks> yes, I just need to update the status

 15:36 <didrocks> ah, I did it, that was a week ago :)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> ok I'll leave this case with you then

 15:36 <didrocks> pending on seb doing the correct upload

 15:36 <cpaelzer> oh I thought that happened already

 15:36 <cpaelzer> but ok

 15:36 <cpaelzer> that is the right way

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> that is one bug with 5 dependencies

 15:37 <cpaelzer> each of us pick one to review ?

 15:37 <didrocks> (all perl though, Friday task for sure…)

 15:37 <didrocks> taking the first one libint-perl

 15:38 <cpaelzer> OTOH 4/5 of those are lib*perl which have a quick pass process AFAIK from doko explaining us last time

 15:38 <cpaelzer> yeah me takes the second fin-perl

 15:38 <cpaelzer> find

 15:38 <didrocks> "wooohooo"

 15:38 <cpaelzer> everyone should realize that the last one gets the only complex package

 15:38 <cpaelzer> so volunteer yourself fast :-)

 15:39 <cpaelzer> three mroe to go libmodule-scandeps-perl libsort-naturally-perl and needrestart itself

 15:39 <doko> lib*-perl ;p

 15:39 <didrocks> if I were you, I would avoid anything with *scan* in the name :)

 15:39 <cpaelzer> ok doko is the *perl* pro and got two

 15:39 <cpaelzer> that leaves needrestart for ddstreet or sarnold or jamespage ?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> who has a chance to do this the next few days?

 15:39 <ddstreet> sure, i can take it

 15:40 <cpaelzer> aesome

 15:40 <cpaelzer> +w

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> mtd is on security and only shows up here for the dependency tracking

 15:41 <cpaelzer> fixed

 15:41 <cpaelzer> abseil is not to be promoted and sorted out by seb128

 15:41 <cpaelzer> ok for now IMHO

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> didrocks: what became of the voting?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> still many are missing right?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> I've seen activity of most of us here today

 15:42 <didrocks> yeah :/

 15:42 <cpaelzer> what is the summary on votes so far

 15:42 <didrocks> I can reask by email

 15:42 <cpaelzer> sure

 15:43 <cpaelzer> WFM

 15:43 <didrocks> basically, +2 (you and I) based on the according tooling being developed and -1 from doko

 15:43 <didrocks> I told we can invite the requester (seb) to the conversation

 15:43 <didrocks> no answer

 15:43 <didrocks> I feel people being against should discuss with the requester (either during the meeting, but it obviously doesn’t work) or via email

 15:43 <cpaelzer> jamespage: sarnold: ddstreet: anyone of you able to call your vote on this now?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> or do we need to go to mail again?

 15:44 <ddstreet> i can vote now, sure

 15:44 <didrocks> sarnold voted +0 IIRC, but that was off email and without the full rationale, unsure if he would revisit

 15:44 <sarnold> I thin kI'd prefer the email; I voted -1 way back when, but I think I remembered some of the email conversation causing me to lean towards a +1 if there's sufficient changes .. it's been so long, i'd like to reread things

 15:45 <ddstreet> specifically the vote is for 'can a team subscriber wait until after MIR approval before subscribing' right?

 15:45 <didrocks> exactly

 15:45 <didrocks> and one proposal is: "given that we write some tooling for AA to ensure at least one of whitelisted team is subscribed to bugs"

 15:45 * jamespage reads again

 15:46 <didrocks> (which will help in the cause of demotion -> promotion after a while because it was already in main in the past)

 15:46 <ddstreet> i'm +1 on it, provided there is either tooling or at least a small process doc change to account for the change in process

 15:46 <didrocks> (I don’t think the tooling would be too complex, so better that only relying on doc, which still needs to be updated)

 15:47 <didrocks> that than*

 15:47 <cpaelzer> seems you have a majority already with 3 on "if the tooling exists and process docs update"

 15:47 <cpaelzer> maybe if jamespage has a vote as well this can conclude

 15:48 <jamespage> I'm +1 but concur with cpaelzer esp in his point 2) about the intended team subscribed at least being documented in the MIR

 15:48 <cpaelzer> then it would be on your didrocks to prep and propose the AA-tooling changes - once accepted we can update the MIR docs

 15:48 <didrocks> ack then, so 2 tasks before allowing this change of process: AA-tooling + doc

 15:48 <cpaelzer> and from that point no more us but the AAs would check for the subscription

 15:48 <didrocks> yeah, just the fact that a team will volounteer to be subscribed

 15:48 <cpaelzer> and I'd emphasize in the doc update that there is nothing bad at all if one wants to subscribe early

 15:49 <didrocks> ofc

 15:49 <cpaelzer> just that you no more "have to"

 15:49 <cpaelzer> ok that LGTM now

 15:49 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 15:49 <didrocks> sounds good :)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> didrocks: for auditability would you summarize that as reply to the thread you started?

 15:49 <didrocks> moving to the Go discussion? (another email thread to close)

 15:49 <didrocks> cpaelzer: will do

 15:49 <cpaelzer> Uh you tihnk we will get far with Go today ... ?

 15:49 <didrocks> no, was more some kind of a joke, really :)

 15:50 <sarnold> :)

 15:50 <didrocks> just a gentle reminder if people can contribute to it

 15:50 <cpaelzer> worth a ping yeah

 15:50 <cpaelzer> ok closing for today

 15:50 <cpaelzer> thanks for all your time

 15:50 <cpaelzer> and happy reviewing

 15:50 <didrocks> thanks!

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)