== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 30 Nov at 15:30 &mdash; 15:38 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-11-30-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:30.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:36)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:36)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:36.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (43)
 * sarnold (6)
 * slyon (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (1)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:05 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> sarnold: didrocks: jamespage: slyon: (ddstreet doko) - MIR team meeting

 15:30 <slyon> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:30 <cpaelzer> I have sent the mail on the suggested rust ruling to the managers

 15:30 <cpaelzer> but got no reply

 15:31 <cpaelzer> if I could ask you all to quickly check on e.g. your next 1:1 with them if they are ok

 15:31 <sarnold> :)

 15:31 <slyon> lots of people were out for thanksgiving.. let's give them some more time, maybe?

 15:31 <cpaelzer> it was out before and we have post TG, but yeah I'm not upset - just trying to ensure it isn't falling through the TG-cracks

 15:32 <cpaelzer> no other old actions

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> still quite a list

 15:32 <cpaelzer> gjango -> asgrief is beeing looked at right now

 15:32 <cpaelzer> haproxy -> opentracing needs a bit but also is handled

 15:33 <cpaelzer> exim4 -> libsp2 is getting the dependency rmeoved right now

 15:33 <cpaelzer> libsdl2 -> libdecor still is on me, I didn't get to it yet

 15:33 <cpaelzer> most others are known cases

 15:33 <cpaelzer> did we talk about ccache -> hiredis?

 15:34 <cpaelzer> that would be foundations I guess

 15:34 <slyon> yes.

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ok, so something will come from foundations to resolve that then

 15:34 <slyon> this is being discussed inside foundations. We're still unsure if we want to drop ccache or MIR hiredis

 15:34 <cpaelzer> yep

 15:34 <cpaelzer> thank slyon

 15:34 <jamespage> o/

 15:34 <cpaelzer> hi jamespage

 15:34 <cpaelzer> does anyone spot any other unhandled cases in mismatches?

 15:35 <sarnold> I can't remember, is openwsman one of the usuals? I can't see it in /lastlog, which is 1/3 of my memory..

 15:35 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:35 <cpaelzer> yes it is an old one

 15:35 <sarnold> amtterm sounds vaguely familiar though..

 15:35 <cpaelzer> all of the maas seed are

 15:35 <sarnold> excellent. sarnold: openwsman and amtterm are known usuals :)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> new log entr

 15:36 <cpaelzer> y

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:36 <cpaelzer> none to assign this week

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:36 <cpaelzer> dh-elpa we have covered last week

 15:36 <cpaelzer> nothing new here either

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:37 <cpaelzer> while there is a lot in queues and todo lists, at least nothing new this week

 15:37 <cpaelzer> anything from either of you?

 15:37 <sarnold> nothing from me

 15:37 <slyon> nothing here. the wireguard MIR is now progressing nicely :)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> indeed

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok then, take back 23 minutes then and make the best of it

 15:37 <cpaelzer> thank you all

 15:38 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, slyon, jamespage :)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)