== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Community Council Meeting, started by toddy, 03 Feb at 23:05 &mdash; 23:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-03-23.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-topics-community-council-meeting-20210203/   (toddy, 23:06)

=== Old business ===

Discussion started by toddy at 23:07.

 * '''Local Communities Research Committee'''  (toddy, 23:07)
  * The call for nominations of the LCRC will close Saturday, February 6, 2021 23:59 UTC.  (toddy, 23:08)
  * ''ACTION:'' jose write a post for the LCRC in social media  (toddy, 23:13)
  * ''LINK:'' https://twitter.com/JoseeAntonioR/status/1357104913050918912   (jose, 23:13)
  * ''ACTION:'' toddy write an update in the community hib about the LCRC missing regions  (toddy, 23:15)
  * ''ACTION:'' jose write at linkedin about the LCRC missing regions  (toddy, 23:17)
  * ''LINK:'' https://www.linkedin.com/posts/joseantonio-rey_local-communities-research-committee-activity-6762872891257180160-bPh5   (jose, 23:22)
 * '''IRC Council and the current status of memberships'''  (toddy, 23:23)

=== News business ===

Discussion started by toddy at 23:24.

 * Deadline for the registration of organisations for the Google Summer of Code is February 19, 2021.  (toddy, 23:27)
 * ''LINK:'' https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/   (toddy, 23:27)

=== Any other business ===

Discussion started by toddy at 23:37.

 * The next meeting is Wednesday, February 17, 2021 23:00 UTC  (toddy, 23:45)
 * ''ACTION:'' Next chair is wxl.  (toddy, 23:45)



== Action items, by person ==

 * jose
  * jose write a post for the LCRC in social media
  * jose write at linkedin about the LCRC missing regions
 * toddy
  * toddy write an update in the community hib about the LCRC missing regions
 * wxl
  * Next chair is wxl.



== People present (lines said) ==

 * toddy (56)
 * teward (39)
 * wxl (35)
 * jose (30)
 * linaporras (9)
 * meetingology (8)
 * linaporras43 (2)



== Full log ==


 23:05 <toddy> #startmeeting Ubuntu Community Council Meeting

 23:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 23:05:29 UTC.  The chair is toddy.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 23:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 23:05 <toddy> #chair linaporras teward jose toddy

 23:06 <meetingology> Current chairs: jose, linaporras, teward, toddy

 23:06 <toddy> Welcome everyone to the Ubuntu Community Council Meeting!

 23:06 <toddy> We have an agenda for this meeting.

 23:06 <toddy> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-topics-community-council-meeting-20210203/

 23:07 <toddy> If you have another topics please add them to the agenda.

 23:07 <toddy> #topic Old business

 23:07 <toddy> #subtopic Local Communities Research Committee

 23:08 <toddy> #info The call for nominations of the LCRC will close Saturday, February 6, 2021 23:59 UTC.

 23:08 <jose> I believe we're missing Africa and Oceania?

 23:08 <toddy> that is this Saturday!

 23:08 <toddy> jose: yes that is true

 23:08 <toddy> the other 4 regions have nominations

 23:08 <jose> do we have anyone we could reach out for suggestions on nominations for those regions?

 23:10 <toddy> hmm, not so much ideas :(

 23:10 <jose> I don't know of a lot of people in those regions

 23:11 <jose> I could put out some social media posts asking for people in those two regions

 23:11 <linaporras> Me neither...

 23:11 <linaporras> Yes jose, that's a good idea...

 23:11 <linaporras> And maybe at the discourseÂ  item, remark that?

 23:12 <toddy> we can update the post at the community hub

 23:12 <toddy> about that fact

 23:12 <linaporras> I agree with that!

 23:12 <toddy> and social media too

 23:12 <jose> sounds good

 23:12 <jose> I'm drafting something in social media now

 23:13 <toddy> #action jose write a post for the LCRC in social media

 23:13 * meetingology jose write a post for the LCRC in social media

 23:13 <jose> #link https://twitter.com/JoseeAntonioR/status/1357104913050918912

 23:14 <jose> I'll see if I can post something in linkedin but I just want to make sure it doesn't sound like a job offer

 23:14 <toddy> retweet :)

 23:15 <toddy> #action toddy write an update in the community hib about the LCRC missing regions

 23:15 * meetingology toddy write an update in the community hib about the LCRC missing regions

 23:15 <toddy> linkedin always sounds like job offer for me

 23:16 <jose> yeah I will make sure it's VERY explicit on that it's not one

 23:16 <toddy> ok

 23:16 <wxl> (p.s. i'm here)

 23:16 <toddy> #chair wxl

 23:16 <meetingology> Current chairs: jose, linaporras, teward, toddy, wxl

 23:16 <linaporras> jajaja I agree with u jose, clarify is not a job offer!

 23:16 <linaporras> hi wxl

 23:16 <wxl> hi lina!

 23:17 <toddy> #action jose write at linkedin about the LCRC missing regions

 23:17 * meetingology jose write at linkedin about the LCRC missing regions

 23:18 <toddy> ok, than we will see if we get some people from this regions

 23:18 <toddy> We have planned that we make the voting after Saturday.

 23:19 <jose> Otherwise, we're going to have to make a separate call for those regions, but I'm hopeful we'll find someone

 23:20 <toddy> ok, anything else about this topic?

 23:20 <jose> I just want to say, we've gotten some promising candidates :)

 23:20 <linaporras> I agree with jose... but in order to not delay the work of the research comitee, maybe we can agree to vote for the people of regions that have nominees, what do you think?

 23:21 <linaporras> and launch the separate call... after.. just in case we don't find people on those regions

 23:21 <jose> I'd be willing to make that compromise. Get started with what we have, and add people later on if needed.

 23:22 <toddy> yes, that sounds good.

 23:22 <jose> #link https://www.linkedin.com/posts/joseantonio-rey_local-communities-research-committee-activity-6762872891257180160-bPh5

 23:22 <toddy> So we have a vote after Saturday

 23:23 <jose> agreed

 23:23 <toddy> fine

 23:23 <toddy> #subtopic IRC Council and the current status of memberships

 23:23 <jose> hmm, nhaines is not here to report

 23:23 <teward> i'd say we can move getting the status update on that to the ML

 23:24 <jose> I just poked him elsewhere

 23:24 <teward> and just poke the heck out of nhaines

 23:24 <teward> (not everything needs to be in the meeting esp. if they aren't here)

 23:24 <toddy> agreed

 23:24 <linaporras43> Hi again, I have a tech problem.

 23:24 <jose> wb

 23:24 <jose> and sounds good

 23:24 <toddy> #topic News business

 23:25 <teward> there's one thing the past 2 weeks that landed on my plate

 23:25 <teward> TB wanted their ML 'about' changed, and that was done.

 23:25 <teward> and I also poked IRCC about the confusion RE: the two cloaks that exist on IRC.

 23:25 <teward> asked them to rediscuss and come back with their thoughts

 23:26 <toddy> teward: ok

 23:26 <teward> so that's two things.

 23:26 <teward> (i need to grab another water, back in like 30 seconds)

 23:26 <toddy> Should we talk about the Google Summer of Code?

 23:27 <jose> we can, for a little bit

 23:27 <toddy> #info Deadline for the registration of organisations for the Google Summer of Code is February 19, 2021.

 23:27 <toddy> #link https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/

 23:27 <toddy> we have talk about it at the mailing list

 23:28 <jose> I personally don't think that we're at the point where we can support this since it requires direct mentorship. But we can aim to get ready to participate next year. What do you say?

 23:28 <wxl> i think google code-in is a really good project for us

 23:28 <wxl> google summer of code is better for upstreams

 23:29 <wxl> or those rare cases we have our own thing going on (snaps/snapcraft, multipass, whatever this new installer is, etc.)

 23:29 <teward> though the new stuff and etc. probably needs a Canonical eye on it

 23:29 <wxl> that's kind of what i was rthinking, too

 23:29 <teward> because IIRC the 'new installer' is being Canonical driven

 23:29 <teward> so the CC isn't the proper place for *that* discussion

 23:29 <wxl> nopers

 23:30 <toddy> should we talk about that with canonical?

 23:30 <jose> I'm working on something that will probably help with that relationship

 23:30 <jose> give me a few weeks

 23:30 <wxl> alternately we can work with upstreams

 23:30 <teward> jose: don't have time for GSoC

 23:30 <wxl> maybe after we find out who is accepted, we see if we can't organize some help for them

 23:31 <teward> making a point :P

 23:31 <jose> no no I meant the relationship, not gsoc

 23:31 <teward> ah

 23:31 <teward> err:nocontext

 23:31 <teward> :P

 23:31 <teward> *yawns*

 23:31 <toddy> :D

 23:33 <wxl> are we done with that topic?

 23:33 <toddy> I think so.

 23:33 <wxl> i have another thing i'd like to bring up

 23:33 <toddy> sorry, was a minute away

 23:34 <toddy> ok, wxl

 23:34 <wxl> i brought this up on irc but i really think we should do some sort of memorial or something in memory of infinity

 23:34 <jose> go ahead

 23:34 <wxl> ok XD

 23:34 <wxl> anyone care what or how or anything?

 23:35 <jose> maybe an annal?

 23:35 <jose> we have action items in launchpad so we can get them from there

 23:36 <wxl> ok that will do then

 23:36 <wxl> i don't think i have anything else

 23:36 <toddy> any other things?

 23:37 <toddy> #topic Any other business

 23:37 <teward> not really a CC *task* but for awareness: I did prod the TB about the recent... shall I call it "concerning chaos"... regarding the 5.8.x kernel regressions across the boards

 23:37 <teward> they pretty quickly got a post-mortem out via Discord and wxl and the Lubuntu Team also have a bulletpoint summary as well on their Discourse

 23:37 <teward> (i felt it was necessary to prod the TB and get something from SOMEONE about what 'went wrong')

 23:37 <teward> but that's just a "i did this" bullet point :)

 23:38 <jose> nice one!

 23:38 <teward> felt the Community at large needed to know :P

 23:38 <wxl> yeah great work on that teward. that was much needed

 23:38 <toddy> sounds great. :)

 23:38 <linaporras43> +1

 23:38 <teward> while we delegate the tech stuff to TB, as a community member myself seeing Ask Ubuntu have **tons** of "My hardware was working then update BOOM" stuff, i wanted to get stuff rolling ;)

 23:38 <teward> at least they're on top of things now and working to fix the regressions :P

 23:38 <teward> </done>

 23:39 <wxl> it may be true that those regressions are fixed

 23:39 <teward> i'm seeing less and less complaints, my guess is they've been trying to fix any major regressions before the .2 release, which Makes Sense

 23:39 <teward> but i'm glad the Release Team came back with a postmortem about what happened

 23:40 <wxl> i asked a few questions there and they seem to be responding so that's all good

 23:40 <wxl> and the actual problem was far more complicated that it had originally seemed

 23:40 <wxl> anywho

 23:41 <toddy> any other things/topics?

 23:41 <wxl> one other thing about the TB: the mailing list got a bunch of bounces from members

 23:41 <teward> yep.  BUT I wanted to make it known that, while I didn't go to the TB with the CC hat on to open that 'can of worms' that needed cleaned and discussed, I did express that "On behalf of the "Community AT Large"..." which sort of implies CC.

 23:41 <wxl> from what i can tell the ML removed them

 23:41 <teward> wxl: yeah, want me to check with IS on them?

 23:41 <teward> possible OldAccounts went away

 23:41 <wxl> i'm not sure we should be concerned or not

 23:41 <teward> wxl: to be fair I see bounce notifications all the time

 23:42 <wxl> yeah this seemed odd to me but that may be just me

 23:42 <teward> wxl: i don't think we need to be worried - that's from all subscribers to the TB list

 23:42 <teward> not the TB members themselves

 23:42 <wxl> there were several canonical names in there so i don't know

 23:42 <teward> (and yes the TB list DOES have a lot of subs)

 23:42 <teward> wxl: I'll reach out to IS and see if they can confirm accounts are bouncing because removals, etc.

 23:42 <wxl> i only saw the messages the one time

 23:42 <teward> other item of interest: discuss with linaporras about IRC boucners, it'll solve their timing out and exploding problems.

 23:42 <wxl> so they appeared to be fatal

 23:42 <teward> wxl: you only get once - when it says it halts delivery permanently.

 23:43 <wxl> or just use matrix!

 23:43 <teward> if we see messages agan I'll poke IS

 23:43 <wxl> that's the one

 23:43 <jose> thanks, no thanks

 23:43 <toddy> thanks, teward

 23:44 <toddy> anything else?

 23:44 <wxl> nothing from me

 23:44 <jose> I'm all good for now

 23:45 <toddy> #info The next meeting is Wednesday, February 17, 2021 23:00 UTC

 23:45 <toddy> Next chair is wxl?

 23:45 <wxl> sure i'll take it i guess

 23:45 <toddy> #action Next chair is wxl.

 23:45 * meetingology Next chair is wxl.

 23:45 <linaporras> I want yo chair The first meeting of march

 23:46 <wxl> does that mean i have to do the meeting notes for this one? i forgot

 23:46 <toddy> ok, linaporras

 23:46 <toddy> wxl: for this meeting here? no, that is my task I think

 23:46 <wxl> ok great

 23:46 <jose> I think you need to build the agenda for the next one and then minutes of that one too

 23:47 <wxl> right ok that's what i thought

 23:47 <toddy> ok, alright

 23:47 <toddy> than this is the end

 23:48 <toddy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)