== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 02 Sep at 15:00 &mdash; 15:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-09-02-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:00.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:11.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:11)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:23.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:24)
 * ''LINK:'' https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/08/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t15:32   (bdmurray, 15:25)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:40.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (67)
 * doko (31)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * ubottu (20)
 * dbungert (20)
 * jawn-smith (17)
 * schopin (13)
 * juliank (13)
 * waveform (11)
 * ginggs (10)
 * xypron (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau_ (2)
 * alexghiti (2)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:13 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:00 <sil2100> o/

 15:00 <schopin> o/

 15:00 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert xypron ginggs schopin)

 15:00 <mclemenceau_> o/

 15:00 <bdmurray> what is alexandre's irc nick?

 15:01 <juliank> afk for a bit

 15:01 <schopin> alexghiti: ^

 15:01 <bdmurray> anyway he'll go last

 15:01 <bdmurray> bdmurray schopin ginggs doko xypron slyon dbungert jawn-smith waveform sil2100 juliank vorlon mwhudson

 15:01 <bdmurray> testing of Error Tracker in PS5

 15:01 <bdmurray> Intel IoT discussions

 15:01 <bdmurray> FF exception reviews and clean up of some old ones

 15:01 <bdmurray> updated meta-release file, raspi json file on changelogs.u.c

 15:01 <bdmurray> built an UC20 dangerous-stable image for IoT project

 15:01 <bdmurray> created a JJ release schedule in discourse

 15:01 <bdmurray> updated code with generates the release schedule with new events

 15:01 <bdmurray> reported LP: #1942120 regarding cassandra charm update

 15:01 <bdmurray> bumped size of server images for impish for paride

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942120 in Cassandra Juju Charm "Please update cassandra-charm with the latest charm-helpers" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942120

 15:01 <bdmurray> discovered an issue with the Launchpad retracers on porter-i386

 15:01 <bdmurray> submitted an RT regarding updating ubuntu-keyring

 15:01 <bdmurray> updated ubuntu-keyring on porter-i386

 15:01 <bdmurray> retracing of failed retraces

 15:01 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:02 <schopin> * glibc/systemd fun:

 15:02 <bdmurray> schopin:

 15:02 <schopin> + worked on LP: #1940635 until it was finally solved by mwhudson

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1940635 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "systemd-networkd failing to acquire a DHCP6 lease from dnsmasq on armhf" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1940635

 15:02 <schopin> + Checked if LP: #1942113 could be related to the armhf autopkgtest image building bug.

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942113 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd unit test regression in autopkgtest (oomd-utils)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942113

 15:02 <schopin> It isn't, as it seems related to cgroup/lxd interaction?

 15:02 <schopin> * Investigated FTBFS for libuv1 (LP: #1939707)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1939707 in libuv1 (Ubuntu) "FTBFS on impish" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1939707

 15:02 <schopin> -> Aliasing/LTO issue, patch sent to Debian

 15:02 <schopin> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> ginggs:

 15:03 <juliank> o/

 15:03 <ginggs> * got an FFe for strace and uploaded

 15:03 <ginggs> * +1 Maintenance

 15:03 <ginggs> - sync'd git-remote-hg

 15:03 <ginggs> - got haskell-ghc-lib-parser to build on arm64 and armhf, should unblock stylish-haskell, but still needs removal on riscv64 and s390x (LP: #1937070)

 15:03 <ginggs> - found intel-ipsec-mb needed a transition, rebuild stress-ng and dpdk

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1937070 in stylish-haskell (Ubuntu) "please RM stylish-haskell binaries on riscv64 and s390x" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1937070

 15:03 <ginggs> - sync'd mpi4py

 15:03 <ginggs> - various poking at autopkgtests

 15:03 <ginggs> done

 15:04 <bdmurray> ginggs: I'd uploaded intel-ipsec-mb so thanks

 15:04 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:04 <doko> - updated the GCC native and cross builds, fixing ftbfs, now ready to migrate

 15:04 <doko> - started with Python updates, 3.10, 3.9, 3.8 and 3.6, first uploads to impish, then preparing backp

 15:04 <doko> orts

 15:04 <doko> - follow-up meeting for x86-64-v2

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <xypron> Currently I am working on fixing bugs in shim and upstreaming what is needed for secure boot on RISC-V for U-Boot, shim, GRUB.

 15:05 <xypron> <done>

 15:05 <dbungert> * curl vs alertmanager-irc-relay - doesn't appear curl related.  go 1.16 build

 15:05 <dbungert> of altertmanager on ppc64el fails regardless. go1.17 fine. LP: #1941791 filed,

 15:05 <dbungert> hint MP merged.

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1941791 in alertmanager-irc-relay (Ubuntu) "FTBFS on ppc64el with go 1.16" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1941791

 15:05 <dbungert> * curl vs rust-curl-sys - identified that gcc-10 is fine.  Added a hint, but

 15:05 <dbungert> vorlon observed that there was a yet-newer gcc-11, which works.

 15:05 <dbungert> * wsl vs subiquity - help wsl team debug test automation issues with their

 15:05 <dbungert> proposed system-setup starter branch for subiquity

 15:05 <dbungert> * curl vs vip-manager - new glibc not at fault, can't reproduce locally, new

 15:05 <dbungert> systemd doesn't help.  hint MP filed. LP: #1942375

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942375 in vip-manager (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest failure on armhf" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942375

 15:05 <dbungert> * curtin apt-python - put together a simpler starting MP that should be happier

 15:05 <dbungert> with arbitrary python-apt versions.  If this is OK, can merge rest of code to

 15:05 <dbungert> this.

 15:05 <dbungert> * subiquity and gpgpu drivers - read existing spec, start on implementation.

 15:05 <dbungert> First step is a requested change to improve the pubsub functionality, as I

 15:05 <dbungert> expect to use it as part of implementation.  That part is done, just pending

 15:05 <dbungert> integration test then will submit MP.

 15:05 <dbungert> (done)

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in Go:

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Populate/Prepare partitions PR merged!

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Fix packages that FTBFS with Go 1.17

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Fixes uploaded and upstreamed for

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1942131

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942131 in golang-github-ajg-form (Ubuntu) "golang-github-ajg-form FTBFS with go 1.17" [Low, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942131

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1942255

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942255 in golang-github-urfave-cli-v2 (Ubuntu) "FTBFS with Go 1.17" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942255

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Thanks mwhudson for the sponsorship!

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Bugs created but not fixed:

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1942226 (trivial fix, but is anyone doing Android development on armhf?)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942226 in golang-android-soong (Ubuntu) "FTBFS on armhf with Go 1.17" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942226

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1942239 (way behind upstream which does build with 1.17, recommend waiting for Debian to pull in upstream changes)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942239 in golang-github-bmatcuk-doublestar (Ubuntu) "FTBFS with Go >= 1.16" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942239

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Openssh proposed-migration                                                                                              * Pretty sure I have narrowed this down to the weirdness we're seeing on armhf autopkgtests

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Have recreated locally, running more tests now

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Attempting to recreate LP: #1940400 but have been unable to.

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1940400 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "Pi 4B 2GB boot failure" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1940400

 15:06 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:07 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:07 <waveform> * Uploaded fix for boot failures of Pi 4 2GB rev 1.4 (LP: #1940400)

 15:07 <waveform> * Attempted to replicate Pi netboot failure (reported on IRC)

 15:07 <waveform> * Further investigation of fixes for Pi USB storage failures (LP: #1930629)

 15:07 <waveform> * Worked on sense-emu packaging for debian (conversion of native->quilt for sense-emu)

 15:07 <waveform> * Worked on storage customization posts for Pi images (LVM conversion)

 15:07 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930629 in linux-raspi (Ubuntu Impish) "Raspberry pi 4 USB controller randomly crashes" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930629

 15:07 <waveform> * Subscribed to ubuntu-announce ;)

 15:07 <waveform> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> lol

 15:07 <sil2100> +1!

 15:07 <sil2100> * SRU reviews and releases

 15:07 <sil2100> * TB meeting

 15:07 <sil2100> * Ubuntu Core discussions

 15:07 <sil2100> * Finalized the 20.04.3 release.

 15:07 <sil2100> - Cleanup tasks, re-enabled dailies, restored mainfests

 15:07 <sil2100> - Updated point-release procedures, cleaning up irrelevant points

 15:07 <sil2100> - Prepared informational pop-up for deprecated legacy images

 15:07 <sil2100> * Work on simplestream support on cdimage, working on tests

 15:07 <sil2100> * Reviewed another PR for ubuntu-image golang rewrite from William

 15:07 <sil2100> * Discussed future roadmap for ubuntu-image

 15:07 <sil2100> * Discussed some image customization tooling and road forward

 15:08 <sil2100> * ESM britney:

 15:08 <sil2100> - Improved slightly the britney invocation mechanics, fixed locking

 15:08 <sil2100> - Added feature request from security team to also export the .yaml files

 15:08 <sil2100> * Uploading images for xilings to platform/ on lillypilly

 15:08 <sil2100> * Investigating build failure of the glm package

 15:08 <sil2100> * Paperwork for a common foundations misc automation instance

 15:08 <sil2100> * Netplan sync-up

 15:08 <sil2100> * Preparation for another point-release

 15:08 <sil2100> * Grading homework

 15:08 <sil2100> * Onboarding Alexandre \o/

 15:08 <sil2100> * Reviewing and merging core20/core18 PRs for dpkg.yaml generation

 15:08 <sil2100> * Some more work on UC22 builds

 15:08 <sil2100> - Working on some process update propositions for making bootstrapping better

 15:08 <sil2100> (done)

 15:08 <juliank> * EFI boot management stuff

 15:08 <juliank> * sponsored fwupd

 15:08 <juliank> * uploaded grub2, currently FTBFS in a test? (LP: #1933826)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1933826 in grub2 (Ubuntu Impish) "default file permissions on bootloader configuration" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1933826

 15:08 <juliank> * autopkgtest cloud handover stuff

 15:08 <juliank> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> juliank: which release was fwupd sponsored for?

 15:09 <juliank> bionic!

 15:09 <bdmurray> okay, so its already been approved

 15:09 <bdmurray> vorlon might not be about yet

 15:09 <bdmurray> so alexghiti its your turn

 15:10 <alexghiti> * Onboarding

 15:10 <alexghiti> (done)

 15:10 <schopin> \o/

 15:10 <bdmurray> well welcome alexghiti

 15:10 <bdmurray> any other questions on status?

 15:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1876034

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1876034 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "apt update crashes with 'KeyError: 'suite'' in cnf-update-db if index compression is enabled" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876034

 15:11 <bdmurray> we were trying to sort out how widespread this issue might be

 15:12 <bdmurray> juliank says that c-n-f isn't installed by default so ...

 15:12 <bdmurray> but there is a patch

 15:12 <juliank> I still wanna fix it

 15:12 <juliank> :D

 15:13 <bdmurray> I'm +1 for fixing it

 15:13 <mclemenceau_> let's card it then

 15:13 <juliank> I did not comment on the patch last week, sigh

 15:13 <bdmurray> okay, moving on

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1923335

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1923335 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "[i915] At shutdown the spinner logo disappears and a second later it comes back frozen for a while (in kernel 5.11 and later)" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923335

 15:15 <bdmurray> It looks like the desktop team has it in hand

 15:15 <juliank> hooray

 15:15 <bdmurray> oh, but it needs sponsoring

 15:15 <bdmurray> can somebody do that?

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1940011

 15:17 <ubottu> Bug 1940011 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "Reduce cron spam from weekly update-notifier-common" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1940011

 15:19 <bdmurray> I'm not certain that's something we'd want to fix

 15:20 <bdmurray> We want the emails to show up right?

 15:20 <bdmurray> I'll double check that after the meeting but we'll probably drop that tag

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1940400

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1940400 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "Pi 4B 2GB boot failure" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1940400

 15:21 <sil2100> Guess that one is the bug that waveform was working on? Or is it different?

 15:21 <waveform> sil2100, correct

 15:21 <bdmurray> and its already carded

 15:22 <bdmurray> rls-hh-incoming is empty

 15:22 <bdmurray> so is rls-ff-incoming

 15:23 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:24 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:24 <bdmurray> doko: ?

 15:24 <doko> no vorlon?

 15:24 <doko> boost1.74, we had assigned that last week ...

 15:24 <bdmurray> doesn't seem like it.

 15:25 <jawn-smith> I think that was mwhudson

 15:25 <doko> ok, I'll ping him

 15:25 <bdmurray> actually it was steve

 15:25 <doko> ahh, ok

 15:25 <bdmurray> https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/08/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t15:32

 15:25 <doko> e2fsprogs is old as well

 15:26 <doko> xypron?

 15:27 <doko> glibc has a blocking bug: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/docker.io/+bug/1942276

 15:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942276 in glibc (Ubuntu) "glibc 2.34 upgrade will break some essential services" [High, New]

 15:28 <doko> vip-manager is new. any volunteers?

 15:28 <bdmurray> dbungert has a hint for that

 15:28 <dbungert> ^

 15:28 <bdmurray> I'll look at that after the meeting

 15:28 <doko> systemd?

 15:29 <doko> schopin?

 15:29 <xypron> e2fsprogs  1.46.3-1ubuntu3 is in ppa:xypron/merge-from-debian”

 15:30 <schopin> I don't really know where we're at with systemd. There's been new uploads by mwhudson this week.

 15:30 <doko> ok, I'll ping mwhudson about systemd then

 15:31 <doko> glib2.0 and pango1.0 trigger some golang-* tests

 15:31 <bdmurray> I'm restarting aptdaemon b/c it timed out

 15:31 <schopin> I don't recall looking at the non-armhf regressions

 15:31 <doko> these packages are shared with desktop

 15:32 <doko> any volunteers?

 15:32 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:32 <doko> ta

 15:32 <doko> sphinx/listparser ?

 15:32 <doko> armhf only

 15:32 <waveform> I'll take that

 15:32 <xypron> In 1939409 bug it says there is a new Debian e2fsprogs 1.46.4, so how should we proceed?

 15:32 <ginggs> lisparser regressed in release

 15:32 <doko> apt, juliank ?

 15:33 <juliank> yes

 15:33 <doko> might be the new devscripts, so please take this as well

 15:33 <doko> netplan.io?

 15:33 <schopin> I'll take that

 15:34 <doko> cross-toolchain-base is mine

 15:34 <doko> squashfs-tools/snapd?

 15:34 <dbungert> I still need one

 15:35 <bdmurray> ginggs: so what should happen with listparser?

 15:35 <doko> dbungert, snapd?

 15:35 <dbungert> ack

 15:35 <ginggs> bdmurray: force-reset-test i think

 15:35 <doko> dbus? unknown version, maybe just a retry

 15:36 <xypron> sponsor for e2fsprogs requested in LP #1939409

 15:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1939409 in e2fsprogs (Ubuntu) "e2fsprogs 1.46.3-1 on architecture s390x fails in test f_baddotdir" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1939409

 15:37 <jawn-smith> I'll take dbus

 15:37 <doko> kopanocore/armhf? I just retried that

 15:38 <doko> and then systemd again ...

 15:40 <bdmurray> okay, thanks doko

 15:40 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:40 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday

 15:42 <waveform> I'll be out Monday as well

 15:44 <bdmurray> okay, thanks everybody

 15:44 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)