== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 15 Jun at 19:25 &mdash; 19:32 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-06-15-19.25.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:25.

 * Åukasz sends his apologies  (rbasak, 19:26)

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:26.

 * ''ACTION:'' Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.  (rbasak, 19:29)
 * ''ACTION:'' ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:  (rbasak, 19:29)
 * ''ACTION:'' ACTION: vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.  (rbasak, 19:29)
 * ''ACTION:'' ACTION: vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list  (rbasak, 19:29)
 * ''ACTION:'' ACTION: sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step  (rbasak, 19:29)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:29.

 * No items on the ML  (rbasak, 19:30)

=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:30.

 * No open TB bugs  (rbasak, 19:30)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:30.

 * The next chair will be sil2100, with mdeslaur as backup.  (rbasak, 19:30)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:31.

 * No other items were raised  (rbasak, 19:32)



== Action items, by person ==

 * vorlon
  * ACTION: vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.
  * ACTION: vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.
  * ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:
  * ACTION: sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (30)
 * meetingology (7)
 * vorlon (3)
 * cyphermox (1)
 * mdeslaur (1)



== Full log ==


 19:25 <rbasak> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:25 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:25:44 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:25 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:25 <rbasak> #topic Apologies

 19:26 <rbasak> #info Åukasz sends his apologies

 19:26 <cyphermox> Sorry for missing last week; I was on the wrong IRC network.

 19:26 <rbasak> #topic Action review

 19:26 * rbasak Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 19:27 <rbasak> I did speak Martin about this. He said it's going to end up moot as they're rewriting MATE Boutique (I might be getting some of the detail wrong here).

 19:27 <rbasak> I thought he was going to reply to the ML, but maybe the IRC chat was his response.

 19:27 <rbasak> I suppose I should ask for an ETA on that, and then the question to the TB is how long it's OK to continue releasing MATE without that fix.

 19:28 * rbasak formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 19:28 * rbasak vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:28 <vorlon> punt

 19:28 * rbasak vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 19:28 <vorlon> punt :/

 19:28 * rbasak sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:28 <rbasak> He's out, so let's defer that.

 19:28 * rbasak vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 19:28 <vorlon> at this point, might as well take that one off; it was my idea and I'm not likely to ever clear the backlog

 19:29 <rbasak> OK thanks.

 19:29 <rbasak> #action Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 19:29 * meetingology Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 19:29 <rbasak> #action ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 19:29 * meetingology ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 19:29 <rbasak> #action ACTION: vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:29 * meetingology ACTION: vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:29 <rbasak> #action ACTION: vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 19:29 * meetingology ACTION: vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 19:29 <rbasak> #action ACTION: sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:29 * meetingology ACTION: sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:29 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:30 <rbasak> #info No items on the ML

 19:30 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 19:30 <rbasak> #info No open TB bugs

 19:30 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:30 <rbasak> #info The next chair will be sil2100, with mdeslaur as backup.

 19:31 <mdeslaur> ack, thanks

 19:31 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:31 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:32 <rbasak> #info No other items were raised

 19:32 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)