== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB Meeting - April 5, 2021, started by teward, 05 Apr at 15:01 &mdash; 15:35 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-04-05-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Previous Action Items Review ===

Discussion started by teward at 15:02.

 * '''ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)'''  (teward, 15:03)
 * '''ddstreet to reduce the scope of meeting scheduling mistakes'''  (teward, 15:04)
 * '''rbasak to announce waveform's successful application'''  (teward, 15:04)
 * '''rbasak to add waveform's PPU ACL items'''  (teward, 15:05)
 * '''rbasak to resolve Alex's request for an alternate meeting venue/time for his application'''  (teward, 15:05)

=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===

Discussion started by teward at 15:08.

 * '''Gunnar Hjalmarsson'''  (teward, 15:08)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/GunnarHj/CoreDevApplication   (teward, 15:08)
  * ''VOTE:'' Gunnar Hjalmarsson CoreDev (Carried)  (teward, 15:31)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to handle GunnarHj core-dev rights, announcement, and post-coredev packageset/acl cleanups.  (teward, 15:33)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by teward at 15:33.

 * ''ACTION:'' Next meeting chair  (teward, 15:34)

=== Any Other Business ===

Discussion started by teward at 15:34.




== Vote results ==

 * [[https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-04-05-15.01.log.html#72|Gunnar Hjalmarsson CoreDev]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: rbasak, teward, ddstreet, rafaeldtinoco



== Action items, by person ==

 * GunnarHj
  * rbasak to handle GunnarHj core-dev rights, announcement, and post-coredev packageset/acl cleanups.
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to handle GunnarHj core-dev rights, announcement, and post-coredev packageset/acl cleanups.
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Next meeting chair



== People present (lines said) ==

 * teward (55)
 * rbasak (23)
 * rafaeldtinoco (18)
 * meetingology (15)
 * GunnarHj (11)
 * ddstreet (7)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <teward> #startmeeting DMB Meeting - April 5, 2021

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:55 UTC.  The chair is teward.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <teward> #chairs ddstreet rafaeldtinoco rbasak teward

 15:02 <teward> #chair ddstreet rafaeldtinoco rbasak teward

 15:02 <teward> screw you too bot

 15:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: ddstreet, rafaeldtinoco, rbasak, teward

 15:02 <teward> welcome to the APril 5th DMB meeting!

 15:02 <teward> So let's review the last action items

 15:02 <teward> #topic Previous Action Items Review

 15:03 <teward> ... I guess meetingology is being slow and needs a kick but I'mma continue

 15:03 <teward> #subtopic ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)

 15:03 <ddstreet> carry again please

 15:03 <teward> ok

 15:04 <teward> #subtopic ddstreet to reduce the scope of meeting scheduling mistakes

 15:04 <teward> i see you revised the agenda page

 15:04 <ddstreet> yeah, if everyone is ok with the changes, this is done

 15:04 <teward> nice.  moving on

 15:04 <teward> #subtopic rbasak to announce waveform's successful application

 15:04 <rbasak> Done

 15:05 <teward> nice

 15:05 <teward> #subtopic rbasak to add waveform's PPU ACL items

 15:05 <rbasak> Done

 15:05 <teward> and...

 15:05 <teward> #subtopic rbasak to resolve Alex's request for an alternate meeting venue/time for his application

 15:06 <rbasak> I think that's resolved now, but I should follow up and confirm in the ML now that we have a quorate number of members saying they can make it.

 15:06 <rbasak> Unless there are objections, I'll change the meeting time on that particular day to the agreed time (so no meeting at the usual time - the regular meeting will move for that day only)

 15:07 <teward> so should i leave that action item until you confirm there's a quorate number of members?

 15:07 <rbasak> Sure

 15:07 <teward> ok

 15:07 <teward> gimme 1 second to catch up i'm writing the agenda in gedit as we go because the bot's fubar

 15:08 <teward> so we have no packageset/ppu applications or SRU developer applications and Alex is still pending the ML stuff so

 15:08 <teward> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 15:08 <teward> #subtopic Gunnar Hjalmarsson

 15:08 <teward> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/GunnarHj/CoreDevApplication

 15:08 <teward> GunnarHj: hello!  Please introduce yourself and say a bit about you while we review your application and come up with any questions for you!

 15:09 <GunnarHj> Hi DMB!

 15:11 <GunnarHj> I've been around for a decade, and have contributed with desktop and i18n stuff mostly. My special profile has resulted in a need to touch quite a few packages both in main and universe. So finally I decided to apply for core-dev to make life easier both for me and my sponsors.

 15:11 <rbasak> Hello!

 15:12 <rbasak> Can you tell us what steps you would expect to take if one of your uploads gets stuck in proposed?

 15:13 <GunnarHj> I would visit the excuses page to find out the reason. Maybe retry some tests, or maybe dig deeper into the cause if needed.

 15:14 <rbasak> OK, thanks.

 15:14 <rbasak> And what would you do if you want to add a new feature to a package three weeks before release?

 15:15 <GunnarHj> File a FFe request bug.

 15:15 <rbasak> Thank you :)

 15:16 <rafaeldtinoco> seb did a good job in his endorsement (splitting cases by MIR, FFe, etc)

 15:17 <rafaeldtinoco> GunnarHj: I see your merges given as examples are 'recent' and the most complex one is gnome-terminal (I guess)

 15:18 <rafaeldtinoco> no questions from me

 15:18 <GunnarHj> rafaeldtinoco: That's probably true.

 15:19 <teward> no questions from me.

 15:20 <rbasak> GunnarHj: what do you know of seeds and transitions?

 15:21 <GunnarHj> rbasak: I'm quite familiar with the seeds, and have submitted a few related merge requests during the years. Not sure which kind of transitions you mean, though.

 15:22 <rbasak> I mean library transitions - soname bumps.

 15:23 <GunnarHj> rbasak: Ah, thanks. Can't say I have dealt with it much, but I remember one case (libpinyin) a couple of years ago.

 15:23 <rbasak> What would you do if you are uploading a package that involves a soname bump?

 15:24 <rbasak> And how would you recognise that this is the case?

 15:25 <GunnarHj> I'd need to make sure to get the dependencies right, and probably refresh the symbols file if any.

 15:26 <rafaeldtinoco> 1.1.1+git20200624+ds2-10ubuntu1 (example of symbols change from GunnarHj, not necessarily because of SONAME bump)

 15:26 <rafaeldtinoco> opencc ^

 15:27 <rafaeldtinoco> coming from debian in this case

 15:27 <GunnarHj> rafaeldtinoco: That was for another reason (A MIR team request for a symbols file).

 15:27 <rafaeldtinoco> yep, I saw it later

 15:28 <rbasak> OK, tanks

 15:28 <rbasak> thanks

 15:28 <rbasak> No more questions from me.

 15:28 <rafaeldtinoco> ddstreet: ^

 15:28 <ddstreet> none from me

 15:29 <ddstreet> i think we're ready to vote teward

 15:29 <teward> yep 1 moment phone just rang

 15:30 <teward> !vote Gunnar Hjalmarsson CoreDev

 15:30 <ubottu> teward: I am only a bot, please don't think I'm intelligent :)

 15:30 <teward> #vote Gunnar Hjalmarsson CoreDev

 15:30 <meetingology> Please vote on: Gunnar Hjalmarsson CoreDev

 15:30 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 15:30 <rbasak> +1 GunnarHj has a long and excellent track record in contributions and uploads directly in Ubuntu. I'm confident that he will make an excellent core dev. Thank you for your work!

 15:30 <meetingology> +1 GunnarHj has a long and excellent track record in contributions and uploads directly in Ubuntu. I'm confident that he will make an excellent core dev. Thank you for your work! received from rbasak

 15:30 <teward> #voters rbasak teward rafaeldtinoco ddstreet

 15:30 <meetingology> Current voters: ddstreet, rafaeldtinoco, rbasak, teward

 15:30 <teward> +1

 15:30 <meetingology> +1 received from teward

 15:30 <ddstreet> +1

 15:30 <meetingology> +1 received from ddstreet

 15:31 <teward> rafaeldtinoco: ^

 15:31 <rafaeldtinoco> Im very happy with the work GunnarHj has been doing. Despite his 'limited technical skills' as phrased by him, I think he will be a great addiction to the core dev team . Thank you for all your work and +1 from me.

 15:31 <rafaeldtinoco> +1

 15:31 <meetingology> +1 received from rafaeldtinoco

 15:31 <teward> #endvote

 15:31 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Gunnar Hjalmarsson CoreDev

 15:31 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 15:31 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:31 <ddstreet> congrats!

 15:31 <teward> Congratulations GunnarHj!

 15:31 <rafaeldtinoco> GunnarHj: congratulations

 15:31 <rbasak> Congratulations!

 15:31 <rafaeldtinoco> and thanks!

 15:32 <GunnarHj> Wow, thanks for your showed trust in me. :)

 15:32 <rbasak> GunnarHj had a special arrangement with a glob-based packageset that I think we can remove now

 15:32 <teward> who wants to handle the rights assignment, removal of the packageset rights, and announcement?  (won't be me i'm busy this week)

 15:32 <rbasak> I don't think that needs a vote because it's effectively a no-op in terms of ACL capability for him, just a tidy up.

 15:32 <rbasak> I can take the actions and I'll clean up at the same time.

 15:32 <teward> rbasak: agreed, doesn't need a vote 'cause we can just tidy it up

 15:32 <teward> cool

 15:32 <GunnarHj> rbasak: Indeed, that can be dropped. But please add me to core-dev first.

 15:33 <rbasak> GunnarHj: of course :)

 15:33 <teward> #action rbasak to handle GunnarHj core-dev rights, announcement, and post-coredev packageset/acl cleanups.

 15:33 * meetingology rbasak to handle GunnarHj core-dev rights, announcement, and post-coredev packageset/acl cleanups.

 15:33 <teward> there're no MOTU applications. so...

 15:33 <teward> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 15:33 <teward> I don't know of any

 15:34 <teward> And we don't have any open TB bugs so...

 15:34 <teward> #action Next meeting chair

 15:34 * meetingology Next meeting chair

 15:34 <teward> Dan's listed as next

 15:34 <ddstreet> sounds good

 15:34 <teward> #topic Any Other Business

 15:34 <rafaeldtinoco> thanks for the agenda updates

 15:34 <rafaeldtinoco> much better now

 15:35 <rafaeldtinoco> with logs at the end

 15:35 <rafaeldtinoco> etc

 15:35 <teward> agreed

 15:35 <teward> any other business?

 15:35 <rafaeldtinoco> nope, thanks for chairing

 15:35 <teward> 5

 15:35 <teward> 4

 15:35 <teward> 3

 15:35 <teward> 2

 15:35 <teward> 1

 15:35 <teward> thanks everyone!

 15:35 <rafaeldtinoco> and congrats again to GunnarHj

 15:35 <teward> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)