== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 09 Feb at 20:00 &mdash; 20:17 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-09-20.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:04.

 * Present: mdeslaur, vorlon, cyphermox  (rbasak, 20:05)
 * No apologies in advance received  (rbasak, 20:05)

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:05.

 * ''ACTION:'' Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.  (rbasak, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.  (rbasak, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on: ^  (rbasak, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list  (rbasak, 20:07)
 * ''ACTION:'' xnox to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which vorlon and mdeslaur will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step ([2/3 subquorum required if one of us slacks, to avoid holding up the process])  (rbasak, 20:09)
 * ''ACTION:'' ACTION: sil2100 to follow up with xnox about OEM archive documentation  (rbasak, 20:10)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)  (rbasak, 20:11)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future  (rbasak, 20:12)
 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/improvements-for-hardware-support-in-ubuntu-desktop-installation-media/20606   (cyphermox, 20:14)
 * The HWE changes in Focal got documented in Discourse  (rbasak, 20:14)
 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/improvements-for-hardware-support-in-ubuntu-desktop-installation-media/20606   (rbasak, 20:14)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:15.

 * No missed mailing list posts spotted  (rbasak, 20:15)

=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:16.

 *   (rbasak, 20:16)
 * There are currently no open bugs.  (rbasak, 20:16)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:16.

 * Next chair will be vorlon, with sil2100 as backup  (rbasak, 20:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:17.

 * Nothing raised  (rbasak, 20:17)



== Action items, by person ==

 * mdeslaur
  * xnox to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which vorlon and mdeslaur will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step ([2/3 subquorum required if one of us slacks, to avoid holding up the process])
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.
  * vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list
  * xnox to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which vorlon and mdeslaur will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step ([2/3 subquorum required if one of us slacks, to avoid holding up the process])
  * vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.
  * ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on: ^
  * ACTION: sil2100 to follow up with xnox about OEM archive documentation



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (65)
 * cyphermox (16)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * meetingology (10)
 * vorlon (6)



== Full log ==


 20:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting Technical Board

 20:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:00:15 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:00 <rbasak> o/

 20:01 <rbasak> Anyone else here?

 20:02 <mdeslaur> o/

 20:02 <rbasak> Apart from mdeslaur :)

 20:02 <mdeslaur> \o

 20:02 <mdeslaur> *crickets*

 20:02 <mdeslaur> cyphermox: wake up

 20:03 <cyphermox> I'm there

 20:04 <cyphermox> nobody sent apologies in advance afaik?

 20:04 * vorlon waves

 20:04 <rbasak> o/

 20:04 <rbasak> We're quorate then I think?

 20:04 <rbasak> #topic Apologies

 20:05 <rbasak> #info Present: mdeslaur, vorlon, cyphermox

 20:05 <rbasak> #info No apologies in advance received

 20:05 <rbasak> #topic Action review

 20:05 <rbasak> Hmm

 20:05 <rbasak> Does this thing work?

 20:05 * rbasak Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:06 <rbasak> Carry over I guess?

 20:06 <mdeslaur> for now

 20:06 <cyphermox> never much feedback, except maybe topic should have shown something

 20:06 <rbasak> #action Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:06 * meetingology Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:06 * rbasak vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:06 <cyphermox> rbasak: you were missing startmeeting

 20:06 <vorlon> carry over :/

 20:06 <rbasak> #action vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:06 * meetingology vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:06 <rbasak> #action ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on: ^

 20:06 * meetingology ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on: ^

 20:06 <cyphermox> nevermind me

 20:07 * rbasak vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:07 <vorlon> also carryover

 20:07 <rbasak> #action vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:07 * meetingology vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:07 * rbasak xnox to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which vorlon, infinity, and mdeslaur will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step ([2/3 subquorum required if one of us slacks, to avoid holding up the process])

 20:08 <rbasak> Carry over I guess.

 20:08 <mdeslaur> wasn't there a second part to that?

 20:08 <mdeslaur> someone was supposed to follow up on it?

 20:08 <cyphermox> yes

 20:08 <rbasak> Not that I see in the agenda

 20:08 <cyphermox> next item, isn't it?

 20:08 <mdeslaur> yeah, next line of the agenda

 20:09 <rbasak> Ah

 20:09 * rbasak sil2100 to follow up with xnox about OEM archive documentation

 20:09 <rbasak> He's not here, so I guess they both need carrying over

 20:09 <rbasak> I guess I should drop infinity from the action :-(

 20:09 <rbasak> #action xnox to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which vorlon and mdeslaur will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step ([2/3 subquorum required if one of us slacks, to avoid holding up the process])

 20:09 * meetingology xnox to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which vorlon and mdeslaur will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step ([2/3 subquorum required if one of us slacks, to avoid holding up the process])

 20:10 <rbasak> #action ACTION: sil2100 to follow up with xnox about OEM archive documentation

 20:10 * meetingology ACTION: sil2100 to follow up with xnox about OEM archive documentation

 20:10 <mdeslaur> :(

 20:10 <rbasak> (DONE) ACTION: mdeslaur to follow up on xnox's track clarification post to the list from 2020-08-12

 20:10 <rbasak> \o/

 20:10 <rbasak> (DONE) ACTION: cyphermox to respond to Mario's SRU exception request, this is handed back to the SRU team.

 20:10 <rbasak> \o/

 20:10 <cyphermox> yup

 20:10 * rbasak vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:10 <vorlon> carryover

 20:10 <rbasak> I wrote to the list, so maybe we could treat that as done, unless vorlon wants to add anything?

 20:10 <vorlon> oh let me re-read quickly

 20:11 <cyphermox> not opposed to it; this was in relation with vorlon's thoughts on thunderbird we agreed on last meeting

 20:11 <vorlon> nah still carry-over

 20:11 <cyphermox> ok

 20:11 <rbasak> #action vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:11 * meetingology vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:11 <rbasak> I did wonder whether to quote the justification you mentioned in the last meeting FWIW, but figured I'd leave that to you if you wanted

 20:11 <rbasak> (DONE) ACTION: teward / community council to update TB mailing list "About" section with agreed upon wording

 20:11 <rbasak> \o/

 20:11 <rbasak> Thanks teward!

 20:12 * rbasak rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future

 20:12 <mdeslaur> hey, for the track clarification post from 2020-08-12, could others +1 it, and I'll make sure someone actually does the change?

 20:12 <rbasak> I've just about finished a draft but haven't posted it yet, so I'll carry this over, but it should be done today

 20:12 <rbasak> #action rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future

 20:12 * meetingology rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future

 20:13 <cyphermox> mdeslaur: ack

 20:13 <rbasak> mdeslaur: OK I'll take a look too

 20:13 <rbasak> (DONE) ACTION: cyphermox to pester the release team before next meeting about documentation for the HWE changes in focal.

 20:13 <rbasak> \o/

 20:13 <cyphermox> if I may

 20:13 <rbasak> I saw that land in Discourse. Thank you!

 20:14 <cyphermox> I asked sil2100 and indeed, it's in discourse

 20:14 <cyphermox> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/improvements-for-hardware-support-in-ubuntu-desktop-installation-media/20606

 20:14 <cyphermox> ^ for posterity

 20:14 <rbasak> #info The HWE changes in Focal got documented in Discourse

 20:14 <rbasak> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/improvements-for-hardware-support-in-ubuntu-desktop-installation-media/20606

 20:14 <rbasak> Thanks!

 20:14 <rbasak> That's the end of the action topic.

 20:14 <cyphermox> rbasak with the solid bot game ;)

 20:15 <rbasak> I let the minutes write themselves :-)

 20:15 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:15 <rbasak> I don't see anything.

 20:15 <rbasak> #info No missed mailing list posts spotted

 20:16 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:16 <rbasak> #info

 20:16 <rbasak> There are currently no open bugs.

 20:16 <rbasak> #info There are currently no open bugs.

 20:16 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:17 <rbasak> #info Next chair will be vorlon, with sil2100 as backup

 20:17 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 20:17 <rbasak> Anyone have anything to bring up?

 20:17 <mdeslaur> I have nothing

 20:17 <rbasak> #info Nothing raised

 20:17 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)