== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by mclemenceau, 18 Mar at 15:02 &mdash; 15:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-18-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by mclemenceau at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs (hirsute) ===

Discussion started by mclemenceau at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (mclemenceau, 15:09)

=== Release incoming bugs (groovy) ===

Discussion started by mclemenceau at 15:24.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (mclemenceau, 15:24)

=== Release incoming bugs (focal) ===

Discussion started by mclemenceau at 15:24.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (mclemenceau, 15:25)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by mclemenceau at 15:26.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (mclemenceau, 15:26)
 * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/britney/+git/hints-ubuntu/+merge/398293   (rbalint, 15:36)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by mclemenceau at 15:37.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * mclemenceau (43)
 * vorlon (33)
 * xnox (24)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * rbalint (17)
 * doko (15)
 * ubottu (13)
 * dbungert (10)
 * waveform (8)
 * juliank (6)
 * JawnSmith (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * cpaelzer (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <mclemenceau> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:23 UTC.  The chair is mclemenceau.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <mclemenceau> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <mclemenceau> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 15:03 <mclemenceau> rbalint jawnsmith slyon waveform sil2100 doko xnox juliank mwhudson bdmurray vorlon dbungert

 15:03 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:03 <rbalint> * uploaded meld 3.20.3-1 via Debian

 15:03 <rbalint> * 360 reviews

 15:03 <rbalint> * uploaded systemd 247.3-2ubuntu1

 15:03 <rbalint> * uploaded glibc 2.33-0ubuntu4

 15:03 <rbalint> * helping systemd's and glibc's migration

 15:03 <rbalint> * running performance tests for glibc

 15:03 <rbalint> (done)

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Proposed migration: python-pynvim

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1903048 SRU pi400 bluetooth to focal

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903048 in bluez (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] Bluetooth won't activate on the pi 400" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903048

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1912371 libftdi MIR and flashrom improvements for MIR

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Raspberry pi kernel/gpio improvements/testing

 15:03 <JawnSmith> [done]

 15:04 <mclemenceau> slyon is out today, waveform, you're next

 15:04 <waveform> * Worked on gpiozero packaging for pypi, raspbian, and ubuntu

 15:04 <waveform> * Worked on lgpio issue under kernel 5.11 (missing config item)

 15:04 <waveform> * Testing new rpi-eeprom version

 15:04 <waveform> * Tested hiruste server and desktop images with KMS overlay

 15:04 <waveform> * Addressed review points for lg package (LP: #1916901)

 15:04 <waveform> * Testing new stuff with jawn-smith

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1916901 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] lg (lgpio, rgpio, rgpiod, rgs)" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916901

 15:04 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:04 <waveform> (done)

 15:04 <sil2100> - Feeling a bit under the weather this week

 15:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:04 <sil2100> - needrestart MIR:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Discussed with the MIR team and promoted all packages to main

 15:04 <sil2100> * Continue looking at the armhf situation before pushing the change to Debian

 15:04 <sil2100> - Some final netplan reviews and merge of the final PR before release

 15:04 <sil2100> - 360

 15:04 <sil2100> - Discussions with the HWE team about some AA NEW reviews

 15:04 <sil2100> - Discussions about the 20.04.3 point-release date

 15:04 <sil2100> - ESM britney:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Worked around the issues with the unit-test suite for mocking the swiftclient module

 15:04 <sil2100> * Wrote some basic tests for functionality, fixed detected bugs

 15:04 <sil2100> * Prepared the autopkgtest-cloud portion, rebasing on latest version

 15:04 <sil2100> * Prepared draft MPs

 15:05 <sil2100> * Looking into SSO support

 15:05 <sil2100> - Looked into some core18 snaps getting blocked in moderation

 15:05 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <mclemenceau> doko doesn't seem to be around, xnox?

 15:05 <doko> ohh, American summer, Texans don't freeze anymore ...

 15:06 <mclemenceau> ahah

 15:06 <xnox> doko:  your turn? or should I?

 15:06 <doko> no, go, I'm not yet prepared

 15:06 <xnox> riscv64: early feedback of hangs with my hand built unmatched image, investigating. Otherwise the first round of the new unmatched patches have been accepted into ubuntu kernels, there should be riscv upload soon.

 15:06 <xnox> prepared grub2 sru fixups to make things installable, and migratable.

 15:06 <xnox> shim: building new snapshot, it is still a bit shim-shaped.

 15:07 <xnox> followed up on my last weeks tasks.... almost all of them.

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:07 <juliank> * New APT microrelease SRUs uploaded to groovy, focal, bionic. Tons of bugs fixed. Waiting in unapproved.

 15:07 <juliank> * changed cron, anacron to inherit PATH (LP: #1779767)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1779767 in cron (Ubuntu Groovy) "Default cron PATH does not include /snap/bin" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779767

 15:07 <juliank> * 360 review

 15:07 <juliank> * off yesterday

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <mclemenceau> bdmurray is out, mwhudson is asleep, vorlon?

 15:07 <vorlon> * last week: out

 15:07 <vorlon> * this week:

 15:07 <vorlon> * catching up on email

 15:07 <vorlon> * 360 reviews

 15:07 <vorlon> * archive cleanup now that we're in freeze: NBS, uninstallables, out-of-date binaries

 15:07 <vorlon> (done)

 15:07 <dbungert> * LP: #1918456 - armhf test failure due to sizeof(long int) != 8, fixed,

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918456 in iniparser (Ubuntu) "test failure - invalid conversion on armhf" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918456

 15:08 <dbungert> upstream PR open, and sponsored (thanks cpaelzer)

 15:08 <dbungert> * LP: #1918848 - fixed in maintainer script, upstream PR merged, and sponsored

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918848 in tuptime (Ubuntu) "regular users can't run tuptime (regression, autopkgtest failure)" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918848

 15:08 <dbungert> (thanks mwhudson).  Upstream also manages the Debian packaging, so it is

 15:08 <dbungert> effectively Debian upstreamed as well.

 15:08 <dbungert> * LP: #1717584 - MP open, but after discovery that systemd just treats passno

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1717584 in curtin "fs_passno is written as 0, 0 by default." [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1717584

 15:08 <dbungert> as a boolean, we're considering a policy of just assigning a passno of 1

 15:08 <dbungert> unless caller overrides.

 15:08 <dbungert> * Subiquity - enable selection of updates during install thru API - started

 15:08 <dbungert> (done)

 15:08 <mclemenceau> doko: reaady now?

 15:08 <doko> no, sorry

 15:09 <mclemenceau> Ok doko, we can do that during AOB

 15:09 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (hirsute)

 15:09 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <mclemenceau> bug 1919395

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1919395 in ifupdown2 (Ubuntu) "Must not provide ifupdown on Ubuntu" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1919395

 15:13 <xnox> to blocklist or to drop provides

 15:13 <xnox> that is the question

 15:13 <xnox> cause we don't have time to fix it

 15:13 <xnox> like properly

 15:13 <xnox> (unless upstream will)

 15:13 <vorlon> nor is it something we should invest in, it's not the networking solution integrated in Ubuntu

 15:14 <xnox> yeah that.

 15:14 <xnox> will retitle to RM

 15:14 <mclemenceau> should we card this to make sure we take action on this?

 15:15 <xnox> no card, it will be in the AA queue

 15:15 <mclemenceau> Ok

 15:15 <mclemenceau> next bug 1896186

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1896186 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "Raspberry Pi HDMI output looks dull, low contrast" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1896186

 15:17 <mclemenceau> low priority removed the tag

 15:17 <mclemenceau> next

 15:17 <mclemenceau> bug 1918740

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1918740 in sbuild (Ubuntu) "sbuild 0.81.2ubuntu4 tests stuck" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918740

 15:17 <xnox> hm

 15:18 <mclemenceau> Looks like rbalint already uploaded a fix

 15:18 <rbalint> yes

 15:18 <mclemenceau> last for hh bug 1842047

 15:18 <ubottu> bug 1842047 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Flavors should use their slideshows in oem-config" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1842047

 15:19 <xnox> but they normally do.....

 15:19 <xnox> there are seeds to seed the right slideshow

 15:19 <xnox> oh during oem-config

 15:20 <xnox> so there is no logic when preparing oem-config to install the right flavour slideshow

 15:20 <xnox> so we should probably substitute $flavor when isntalling slideshow package & oem-config package into target.

 15:21 <vorlon> do we think that should be release-targeted, though? has this ever worked?

 15:22 <sil2100> This is more like a feature request to me! (though I know probably by principle this should have just worked)

 15:23 <xnox> rls-hh-notfixing & wishlist

 15:24 <mclemenceau> thx xnox

 15:24 <mclemenceau> on to groovy now

 15:24 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (groovy)

 15:24 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:24 <mclemenceau> one bug 1904271

 15:24 <ubottu> bug 1904271 in python3.9 (Ubuntu) "Python 3.9 package is missing dependency on tzdata" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904271

 15:24 <mclemenceau> we've talked about this one before, moving one

 15:24 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (focal)

 15:25 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:25 <juliank> empty! :D

 15:25 <mclemenceau> wow ... 0 foundations-bug

 15:25 <mclemenceau> \o/

 15:26 <mclemenceau> Ok moving on to proposed migration

 15:26 <mclemenceau> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <mclemenceau> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <mclemenceau> vorlon you're up!

 15:27 <vorlon> first on the list is pexpect, which was discussed last week as having a related launchpad buildd bug report

 15:28 <vorlon> anyway, is assigned to bdmurray

 15:28 <mclemenceau> bdmurray mentioned this bug related to this 1820348

 15:28 <vorlon> gnupg2: looks like it just migrated

 15:28 <vorlon> LP: #1820348

 15:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1820348 in launchpad-buildd "buildd user's lxd group membership causes some package build failures" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1820348

 15:28 <vorlon> ok

 15:29 <vorlon> binutils vs lintian - was someone looking at this before? doko?

 15:30 <vorlon> ok this is xnox

 15:30 <vorlon> sphinx?  is this what doko was referring to last week as "the libgnat ABI break"?

 15:31 <doko> yes, these are fixed, the remaining one is unrelated

 15:31 <vorlon> ok

 15:31 <vorlon> do you want to keep it or pass it on?

 15:31 <vorlon> looks like a timing thing on the testbed

 15:32 <doko> ok

 15:32 <doko> keep it

 15:32 <vorlon> ok

 15:32 <vorlon> initramfs-tools

 15:33 <vorlon> waveform: was this still with you?

 15:33 <xnox> yes with me

 15:33 <xnox> (to sponsor stuff)

 15:33 <vorlon> ok

 15:33 <vorlon> glibc

 15:33 <vorlon> rbalint: any help needed there?

 15:34 <vorlon> I'll assume this is primarily rbalint, with others whacking autopkgtest failures as needed

 15:35 <rbalint> no all of those regressed in archive

 15:35 <rbalint> have hints for many of those just need merging

 15:35 <rbalint> will fix a few

 15:35 <vorlon> rbalint: do you have a link for an MP?

 15:36 <rbalint> https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/britney/+git/hints-ubuntu/+merge/398293

 15:36 <vorlon> thanks

 15:36 <vorlon> and then the rest are new and can be ignored until next week

 15:36 <vorlon> mclemenceau:

 15:36 <rbalint> there will be more in a few hours

 15:36 <mclemenceau> thx

 15:37 <mclemenceau> #topic AOB

 15:37 <mclemenceau> doko, do you want to paste your status now?

 15:37 <rbalint> also open-iscsi is being fixed by paelzer

 15:37 <doko> mom

 15:37 <doko> - only a tiny bit of +1 maintenance

 15:37 <doko> - a sick day

 15:37 <doko> - trying to limit the gcc-11 build to 50GB disk space or less, breaking the build in various other ways ...

 15:37 <doko> - OpenJDK 16 release, preparing focal and groovy updates

 15:37 <doko> - LLVM 12 fix, and making 12 the default

 15:37 <doko> - distro NEW source reviews

 15:37 <doko> - 360s

 15:37 <doko> (done)

 15:37 <mclemenceau> thx!

 15:37 <xnox> lastpass alternatives welcome....

 15:38 <mclemenceau> I need someone from Foundations for +1 next week ...

 15:38 <rbalint> vorlon, i also have removal requests for some of the packages blocking glibc but those are expected to be processes in batches by ubuntu-archive afaik

 15:38 <vorlon> ok

 15:39 <vorlon> (but not quickly enough for unblocking transitions unless you ping, which you've now done, so I'll look)

 15:40 <rbalint> i'd jump in for a later week because i expect work with new systemd upstream

 15:41 <cpaelzer> rbalint: well I need to wait for x86 builders to have results - but open-iscsi will be fixed soon

 15:45 <mclemenceau> Thanks everyone!

 15:45 <vorlon> thanks!

 15:45 <mclemenceau> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)