== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 01 Jul at 15:00 &mdash; 15:27 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-07-01-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/dbungert/subiquity-misc/blob/main/subiquity-curl-client   (dbungert, 15:01)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:10)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:13)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:24.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (43)
 * sil2100 (30)
 * juliank (19)
 * ubottu (16)
 * dbungert (15)
 * slyon (14)
 * jawn-smith (14)
 * waveform (7)
 * doko (6)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:47 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <sil2100> o/

 15:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert)

 15:01 <juliank> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> mwhudson dbungert slyon sil2100 bdmurray doko juliank jawnsmith vorlon waveform

 15:01 <dbungert> * Subiquity - with stable release done, move forward 2 PRs in queue, one done

 15:01 <dbungert> * ubuntu-desktop-installer - write a sample installer client using bash/curl/jq

 15:01 <dbungert> https://github.com/dbungert/subiquity-misc/blob/main/subiquity-curl-client

 15:01 <dbungert> This was written to answer questions about what API calls are absolutely

 15:01 <dbungert> required and to provide a working proof-of-concept.

 15:01 <dbungert> * LP: #1932564 - the snapcraft for ubuntu-desktop-installer differed in

 15:01 <dbungert> component versions for probert and curtin.  Adjust u-d-i snapcraft to make

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1932564 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "FilesystemController has no _start_task" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1932564

 15:01 <dbungert> them match.

 15:01 <dbungert> * LP: #1933523 - update livecd-rootfs cloud.cfg file to reflect that cloud-init

 15:01 <dbungert> no longer outputs a password.  (subiquity now provides this, pending a fix

 15:01 <dbungert> for a related problem that mw_hudson has in flight)

 15:01 <dbungert> * Subiquity - bitlocker detection - probert is already able to notice this,

 15:01 <dbungert> so we should update Subiquity/Curtin to be aware of the BitLocker type and

 15:01 <dbungert> react appropriately.  Spec written, implementation pending.

 15:01 <dbungert> (done)

 15:01 <slyon> - Interviews & Take-home tests

 15:01 <slyon> - Further investigation of IBM systemd/vlan issue, bug #1929657

 15:01 <slyon> - Fixed systemd armhf-autopkgtest issue in LXD, bug #1931088

 15:01 <slyon> - Investigated dbus issue (a lot!), bug #1871538

 15:01 <slyon> * Still no idea what is going on, asked the maintainers for help

 15:01 <slyon> * https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/15316

 15:01 <slyon> * https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/dbus/dbus/-/issues/337

 15:01 <ubottu> Bug 1931088 in lxd (Ubuntu Impish) "boot-and-services tests fails in impish on armhf (248.3)" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931088

 15:01 <ubottu> Bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Impish) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 15:01 <ubottu> Issue 15316 in systemd/systemd "'Unexpected error response from GetNameOwner(): Connection terminated' messages + boot takes a lot of time" [Open]

 15:01 <slyon> - some proposed-migration

 15:01 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:01 <slyon> - started reviewing "configure-without-carrier", PR#215

 15:01 <slyon> (done)

 15:01 <ubottu> Issue 337 in dbus/dbus "systemd and dbus sometimes disagree about whether the system bus connection has authenticated" [Opened]

 15:02 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:02 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:02 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:02 <sil2100> - ESM britney:

 15:02 <sil2100> * Testing the staging deployment

 15:02 <sil2100> * Debugging why SSO is not working on staging (at all) - fw rules updated, fixed

 15:02 <sil2100> * Investigating swift connection issues, root cause: invalidly formatted credentials

 15:02 <sil2100> * Prepared local britney setup, iterating towards using staging, final steps

 15:02 <sil2100> - 20.04.3 preparations:

 15:02 <sil2100> * Set up weekly meetings, first meeting happened on Monday

 15:02 <sil2100> * Coordination with kernel team regarding unmatched RISCV support - hopefully we'll make it

 15:02 <sil2100> * Created tracking document, started working on first tasks

 15:02 <sil2100> - Ubuntu Core discussions

 15:02 <sil2100> * Some private ones as well regarding customer requests

 15:02 <sil2100> - DTB UC meeting

 15:02 <sil2100> - Created refreshed UC20 images, sent for certification testing

 15:03 <sil2100> - Reviewed MP from Brian for IOTG support in livecd-rootfs

 15:03 <sil2100> - Candidate interviews and reviews

 15:03 <sil2100> - Started reviewing netplam Keyfile parser PR

 15:03 <sil2100> - Writing of the simplestreams ubuntu-cdimage support specification

 15:03 <sil2100> - Deployed my recently implemented cdimage -> livecd-rootfs mapping on cdimage

 15:03 <sil2100> * Fixed a small typo bug to get all the images working

 15:03 <sil2100> * Merged the enabling of generic amd64 and arm64 preinstalled images

 15:03 <sil2100> - Verified livecd-rootfs focal change for enabling riscv unmatched+unleashed builds

 15:03 <sil2100> - Poking snapstore team for core18 and core20 acceptance, checking up on changes

 15:03 <sil2100> - Various planning discussions

 15:03 <sil2100> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> special SRU reviews shim-signed, ubiquity

 15:03 <bdmurray> completed a data deletion request from the Error Tracker

 15:03 <bdmurray> merged changes to livecd-rootfs to create an Intel IOTG image

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader for impish

 15:04 <bdmurray> worked on a fix for LP: #1924604

 15:04 <bdmurray> investigation into test failures in u-r-u on Focal

 15:04 <bdmurray> short week due to a holiday

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1924604 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "do-release-upgrade crashed with KeyError in __getitem__(): 'The cache has no package named 'python-is-python2''" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1924604

 15:04 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:04 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:04 <juliank> no doko?

 15:04 <doko> - openjdk-17 requires jtreg6, started packaging jtreg6, not yet successful

 15:04 <doko> - follow-up on the pkcs11 header license issues in OpenJDK

 15:04 <doko> - Python 3.8 SRUs for groovy and hirsute release, continuing with new SRUs for the next security release.

 15:04 <doko> - write down a plan for LibreOffice debugging

 15:05 <doko> - gdb snapshot build

 15:05 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <juliank> yes doko :)

 15:05 <juliank> * apt-y stuff

 15:05 <juliank> - uploaded autopkgtest SRUs for all releases to make it work correctly with hirsute-proposed APT and phasing (LP: #1934100)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934100 in autopkgtest (Ubuntu Hirsute) "Setup Always-Include-Phased-Updates (for hirsute+)" [High, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934100

 15:05 <juliank> - fixed a minor crash in apt install <deb file> if a sources.list file is unreadable

 15:05 <juliank> - prepared fix for servers that send `Content-Length: 0` (https://bugs.debian.org/990281; merge: https://deb.li/0OLU)

 15:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 990281 in apt "APT make duplicate HTTP requests with mirrorbits" [Important, Open]

 15:05 <juliank> - answered a bunch of questions and bug reports upstream :/

 15:05 <juliank> * boot stuff

 15:05 <juliank> - sponsored fwupd 1.5.11 for impish; hirsute and focal in progress (LP: #1934209)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934209 in OEM Priority Project "Dell dock USB4 module need fwupd 1.5.11" [Critical, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934209

 15:05 <juliank> - verified shim 15.4-0ubuntu5 uploads in xenial and hirsute

 15:05 <juliank> - uploaded shim 15.4-0ubuntu6~uefi1 to PPA for testing.

 15:05 <juliank> - trying to get VMWare license to validate https://github.com/rhboot/shim/pull/387 so we can include that in final 15.4-0ubuntu6

 15:05 <ubottu> Pull 387 in rhboot/shim "mok: delete the existing RT variables only when only_first=TRUE" [Open]

 15:05 <juliank> => that's the release targetting focal point release

 15:05 <juliank> (done)

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in go:

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * state machine logic implemented!

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Working on test coverage for last few lines of code, will be pushed soon when 100% test coverage is reached

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * RISC-V

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * u-boot MP created for focal

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * u-boot-menu debdiff posted to LP: #1923162

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1923162 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "riscv64 images fail to boot in qemu" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923162

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * LP: 1912371 uploaded diff to enable the flashrom plugin in fwupd (also submitted upstream)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi1 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Plus-one maintenance

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * LP: *1933678 fix FTBFS golang-github-aws-aws-sdk-go with go 1.16

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * submitting to Debian all golang FTBFS issues that I addressed this shift

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * proposed-migration: unblocked mtools which was blocked by ubuntu-image (flakey tests)

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * Thanks bdmurray for having the fastest retry button in the west

 15:06 <jawn-smith> * proposed-migration: python3-lxc blocking gnupg2: thanks mwhudson and laney for adding hints

 15:06 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:07 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:07 <waveform> * Reviewing u-boot SRU for risc-v unmatched (LP: #1923162)

 15:07 <waveform> * Worked on Sense HAT packages for debian-python (matlab/octave scripts no longer require root)

 15:07 <waveform> * Attempting to replicate VGA->HDMI video sync issue on pi desktop (LP: #1933758)

 15:07 <waveform> * Investigating audio issue on Pi desktop after upgrade from groovy

 15:07 <waveform> * Still verifying kernel fix for USB storage issues on Pi (LP: #1930629)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1923162 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "riscv64 images fail to boot in qemu" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923162

 15:07 <waveform> * Interviews

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1933758 in Ubuntu "Display resolution not properly identifying in Ubuntu 21.04" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1933758

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930629 in linux-raspi (Ubuntu Focal) "Raspberry pi 4 USB controller randomly crashes" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930629

 15:07 <waveform> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1931701

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1931701 in libreoffice (Ubuntu Impish) "autopkgtests failures on armhf of 7.1.4" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931701

 15:10 <bdmurray> we've talked about this and it's already targetted so removing the tag

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:10 <bdmurray> that is empty for us

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:10 <bdmurray> also empty for us

 15:11 <juliank> seems broken html

 15:11 <bdmurray> what?

 15:11 <slyon> broken for me as well

 15:12 <bdmurray> they all work me

 15:12 <slyon> seems they work on http:// but my browser redirected me to https://

 15:12 <juliank> chrome redirected me to https://reports.../ which failed to load JS from people.canonical.com over http://

 15:12 <bdmurray> ah, okay

 15:12 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:13 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <bdmurray> so glibc and breezy was with doko last week

 15:17 <bdmurray> mwhudson and I were both thinking about just bad testing breezy but apparently neither of us did

 15:20 <bdmurray> doko will keep looking at this

 15:20 <bdmurray> then everything else old is blocked by openldap

 15:20 <bdmurray> Did we talk about that last week?

 15:22 <bdmurray> cpaelzer: Is anybody on the server team looking at the openldap migration?

 15:23 <bdmurray> Why don't we assign setuptools - anybody interested?

 15:23 <bdmurray> There's some arm stuff there

 15:23 <sil2100> o/

 15:23 <sil2100> I could take it

 15:24 <bdmurray> okay

 15:24 <bdmurray> I think that's good then

 15:24 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:24 <bdmurray> Next Monday is a US holiday

 15:24 <slyon> New hires are starting on Monday as well

 15:25 <juliank> I'm out for 3 hours next friday to get my covid shot

 15:25 <juliank> maybe 2, idk

 15:25 <bdmurray> o/

 15:25 <sil2100> o/

 15:27 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)