== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 06 Jul at 14:31 &mdash; 14:41 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-07-06-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:38)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:39.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (51)
 * sarnold (6)
 * bittin (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (2)
 * jawn-smith (2)
 * ddstreet (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:14 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 * bittin is here

 14:31 <cpaelzer> didrocks999: ddstreet: sarnold: doko: jamespage: ping for MIR meeting

 14:31 <cpaelzer> hi bittin

 14:31 <ddstreet> o/

 14:31 <bittin> hey cpaelzer

 14:32 <cpaelzer> full disclosure: today I'll be distracted having a call at the same time

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:32 <cpaelzer> I have taken the action to clarify the libftdi case

 14:32 <cpaelzer> but later on last week doko showed up and we handled it there

 14:32 <cpaelzer> So this is done

 14:32 <sarnold> \o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> I also looked again into the false-positives that haunt our mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> but the TL;DR is a major rewrite of how germinate works (I'm not proposing that) or accepting as-is

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <jamespage> o/

 14:33 <cpaelzer> hi jamespage and sarnold

 14:33 <cpaelzer> fwupd is now in mismatches, that is the libfdti we had so long

 14:33 <cpaelzer> this should be ready to be prmoted, but the bug states are not detected correctly

 14:33 <cpaelzer> checking https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 14:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi1 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided, In Progress]

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Hmm "in progress" they are

 14:34 <cpaelzer> now that fwupd is there -> fix committed

 14:35 <bittin> jawn-smith has written some patches

 14:35 <cpaelzer> now this should be detected correctly

 14:35 <cpaelzer> and an archive admin can promote it

 14:35 <cpaelzer> doko: if you come by later - I think you could do that promotion now

 14:35 <sarnold> is it ready for promotion without jawn's patches?

 14:36 <sarnold> oh, that's fwupd... nevermind me

 14:36 <cpaelzer> I understood those are recommended but not blocking it

 14:36 <cpaelzer> and those others were the "trigger the mismatch" patches

 14:37 <jawn-smith> I had written patches for 3 packages as part of this: fwupd, libftdi, and flashrom. the fwupd patch just builds with a new plugin, to remove a diff from debian

 14:37 <cpaelzer> cherryp3 is huge but all  except one ready

 14:37 <cpaelzer> good progress on those jamespage

 14:37 <cpaelzer> yes jawn-smith that matches what I see

 14:37 <jamespage> ta

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I see nothing else new/disturbing here

 14:37 <cpaelzer> let me go on

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <jawn-smith> FWIW I also submitted that change upstream and it was accepted

 14:37 <sarnold> woot

 14:37 <cpaelzer> thanks jawn-smith that is good to hear

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <bittin> There are currently no open bugs.

 14:38 <cpaelzer> nothing here

 14:38 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:38 <sarnold> .. is something broken? :)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <cpaelzer> both recent ones are form me and ok

 14:38 <cpaelzer> fuse3 will be handled by foundations sooner or later

 14:39 <cpaelzer> we've pre-evalated it

 14:39 <cpaelzer> if anyone else wants to transition fuse2->fuse3 you might also want to chime in on the bug

 14:39 <cpaelzer> and sdl is from me as well, that is actually complete and just needs an upload which is prepared

 14:39 <cpaelzer> so all those are good as well

 14:39 <cpaelzer> which gets me to

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:39 <cpaelzer> nothing from me

 14:40 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:40 <cpaelzer> as I said sorry to be distracted today

 14:40 <cpaelzer> but OTOH we can be lucky to have a light meeting this week

 14:40 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:40 <bittin> nothing from me

 14:40 <cpaelzer> if there is no one else having anything I'll close it

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thanks for your attention - even the easy weeks are important

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)