== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 25 Nov at 16:00 &mdash; 16:21 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-11-25-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:00.


=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/245   (slyon, 16:04)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/246   (slyon, 16:04)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:05.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:05)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2021-November/041691.html for reference  (schopin, 16:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:15)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:16)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:17.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:19.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (63)
 * sil2100 (43)
 * ubottu (30)
 * slyon (17)
 * schopin (7)
 * doko (7)
 * waveform (6)
 * xypron (4)
 * ginggs (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:11 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <juliank> $ echo $(shuf -e sil2100 schopin doko ginggs waveform slyon xypron juliank)

 16:00 <juliank> waveform sil2100 schopin xypron juliank slyon doko ginggs

 16:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:00 <juliank> waveform sil2100 schopin xypron juliank slyon doko ginggs

 16:00 <juliank> waveform:

 16:00 <waveform> * Worked on pi-bluetooth for core18 (LP: #1949869)

 16:00 <waveform> * ... and that's about it

 16:00 <waveform> * ... no, really

 16:00 <waveform> * Interview / take-home-tests

 16:00 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:00 <waveform> (done)

 16:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1952048 in Kernel SRU Workflow "bionic/linux-raspi2: 4.15.0-1099.106 snap-debs snap:pi-kernel" [Medium, In Progress] [duplicate: 1949869] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1952048

 16:01 <sil2100> * SRU reviews and releases

 16:01 <sil2100> * ubuntu-image:

 16:01 <sil2100> - Prepared test package for the HWE team for testing the --sector-size flag

 16:01 <sil2100> - Merged PR for classic extra-snap from William

 16:01 <sil2100> - Meeting up with CPC team to discuss classic image build future

 16:01 <sil2100> * Take-home test grading

 16:01 <sil2100> * Meetings about future projects

 16:01 <sil2100> * Help with Xilinx:

 16:01 <sil2100> - Review of some work documents

 16:01 <sil2100> - Publishing new images to the release directory on lillypilly

 16:01 <sil2100> * Prepared code for switching coreXX snap auto-promotion code to use the new jira board (instead of trello)

 16:01 <sil2100> * Worked with Phil from the CPC team to get credentials updated to get the new functionality working

 16:01 <sil2100> * Ubuntu Core meeting to discuss some future developments

 16:01 <sil2100> * TB meeting, discussing some extra repository concepts

 16:01 <sil2100> * Worked on Jira to try some Release Team coodination project management

 16:01 <sil2100> - Might need to ask for more permissions for Jira for that

 16:01 <sil2100> - But started drafting an idea document

 16:01 <sil2100> (done)

 16:01 <sil2100> Oh, and interview!

 16:01 <sil2100> Did one

 16:01 <sil2100> ...and other stuff

 16:02 <schopin> * Worked on the OpenSSL transition the whole week

 16:02 <schopin> * ... except a few hours of work on NetPlan to get my last huge PR closer to

 16:02 <schopin> production state.

 16:02 <schopin> ✓ done

 16:02 <xypron> I am working on the Nezha kernel

 16:02 <xypron> Moving the config to be compatible to the Ubuntu standard

 16:03 <xypron> Detected by Nezha U-Boot was not compatible with OpenSBI.

 16:03 <xypron> <done>

 16:03 <juliank> * sponsored grub2 for mfo (LP: #1840560)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1840560 in grub2 (Ubuntu Impish) "'error: can't find command hwmatch' during grub" [Low, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1840560

 16:03 <juliank> * survey

 16:03 <juliank> * training

 16:03 <juliank> * shim-review ACK lernstick (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/196)

 16:03 <ubottu> Issue 196 in rhboot/shim-review "Lernstick shim-15.4-6 x64 (20210729)" [Open]

 16:03 <juliank> * shim-review NAK miracle linux (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/189)

 16:03 <ubottu> Issue 189 in rhboot/shim-review "Shim 15.4 for MIRACLE LINUX 8" [Open]

 16:03 <juliank> * sponsoring triage:

 16:03 <juliank> - unsubscribed https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1876620

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876620 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Enable riscv64 build" [Wishlist, New]

 16:03 <juliank> - unsubscribed https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/autopkgtest/+bug/1947810 - asked to forward

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1947810 in autopkgtest (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest-satdep.deb unpack fails on Debian images" [Medium, New]

 16:03 <juliank> * sponsored openssl 3.0.0

 16:03 <juliank> * uploaded openssl SRUs for double engine loading (LP: #1951943)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951943 in openssl (Ubuntu Impish) "Engine crashes when loading the configuration more than once" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951943

 16:03 <juliank> * released apt 2.3.13

 16:03 <juliank> * python-defer: fix for python3.10:

 16:03 <juliank> - use Callable in collections.abc instead of collections (LP: #1951993)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951993 in python-defer (Ubuntu) "libnet-ssleay-perl FTBFS" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951993

 16:03 <juliank> * synced mercurial 6.0 from experimental to fix autopkgtests broken by git (debian bug 998706)

 16:03 <ubottu> Debian bug 998706 in mercurial "git breaks mercurial autopkgtest: Failed test-convert-git.t: output changed" [Serious, Open] https://bugs.debian.org/998706

 16:03 <juliank> * retried various licensecheck adjacent tests with all-proposed=1, they all seem to need each other and I did not build a list

 16:03 <juliank> * sponsored libnet-ssleay-perl  (LP: #1945811)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1945811 in libnet-ssleay-perl (Ubuntu) "libnet-ssleay-perl: Fail to build against OpenSSL 3.0" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1945811

 16:03 <juliank> (done)

 16:03 <juliank> slyon:

 16:03 <slyon> - discussions around wireguard MIR, LP: #1950317

 16:03 <slyon> - dbus-python (or rather pyqt5) proposed-migration, incl. pyfai FTBFS fix

 16:03 <slyon> - adopt open-iscsi to systemd v249 (systemd-resolve is now resolvectl)

 16:03 <slyon> - interview & take-home test

 16:03 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:03 <slyon> - triaging & resolving bugs reported by snapd:

 16:03 <slyon> + bugs #1946957, #1949884, #1949893, #1943023, #1949895

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1950317 in wireguard (Ubuntu) "[MIR] Wireguard" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1950317

 16:04 <ubottu> Bug 1946957 in netplan "Unset of a subtree crashes with invalid (non existing) origin-hint" [Low, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946957

 16:04 <ubottu> Bug 1949884 in netplan "netplan crashes when there is an empty origin hint file" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949884

 16:04 <ubottu> Bug 1949893 in netplan "new interface does not show up after dbus config apply" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949893

 16:04 <ubottu> Bug 1949895 in netplan "'netplan apply --debug' vs 'netplan --debug apply'" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949895

 16:04 <ubottu> Bug 1946957 in netplan "Unset of a subtree crashes with invalid (non existing) origin-hint" [Low, In Progress] [duplicate: 1943023] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946957

 16:04 <slyon> + leading to some new PRs:

 16:04 <slyon> https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/245

 16:04 <slyon> https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/246

 16:04 <slyon> - tested & merged https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/233

 16:04 <slyon> - some smaller netplan fixes

 16:04 <slyon> ✓ done

 16:04 <ubottu> Pull 245 in canonical/netplan "dbus: wait for 'netplan try' to be ready (LP: #1949893)" [Open]

 16:04 <ubottu> Pull 246 in canonical/netplan "get/set: ignore empty YAML hints and delete files on 'set network=null' (LP: #1949884)" [Open]

 16:04 <ubottu> Pull 233 in canonical/netplan "lib: use an explicit parser context" [Merged]

 16:04 <doko> - only two day week for me

 16:04 <doko> - gcc-12 update, starting with gcc-12 cross packages

 16:04 <doko> - company tutorials

 16:04 <doko> - preparing GCC packages for POWER9

 16:04 <doko> (done)

 16:04 <juliank> ginggs:

 16:04 <ginggs> * +1 week, trying hard to avoid python packages

 16:04 <ginggs> * sponsoring schopin's uploads for openssl3 transition

 16:04 <ginggs> * retrying autopkgtests triggered by libgetopt-long-descriptive-perl for xypron

 16:04 <ginggs> done

 16:05 <sil2100> William also sent his via e-mail:

 16:05 <sil2100> * ubuntu-image

 16:05 <sil2100> * Investigated LP: #1951576 but so far unable to recreate

 16:05 <sil2100> * Merged --sector-size PR by sil2100

 16:05 <sil2100> * sponsoring queue cleanup: helped reduce sponsoring queue size from 62 to 36

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951576 in Ubuntu Image "Ubuntu-Image 2.0 snap does not inject required environment variables" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951576

 16:05 <sil2100> * LP: #1951988 have dpkg check for @canonical.com addresses when checking for update-maintainer

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951988 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "dpkg-source should fail if maintainer is not ubuntu and DEBEMAIL contains @canonical.com" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951988

 16:05 <sil2100> * LP: #1913656 SRU verification

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913656 in ghostscript (Ubuntu Focal) "`gs [options] -- <input_file>` fails with 'permission denied'" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913656

 16:05 <sil2100> * LP: #1890013 create patch and SRU to focal

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1890013 in ocrfeeder (Ubuntu Focal) "ocrfeeder PDF import systematically fails" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1890013

 16:05 <sil2100> * Touching up core dev application

 16:05 <sil2100> * Proposed migration: lava vs psycopg2

 16:05 <sil2100> * Candidate interview

 16:05 <sil2100> * LP: #1952144 help openssl v3 transition by fixing golang-github-mendersoftware-openssl (needs more work)(done)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1952144 in golang-github-mendersoftware-openssl (Ubuntu) "Update for openssl v3" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1952144

 16:05 <sil2100> (done)

 16:05 <juliank> And I think that's it, the rest is out

 16:05 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:05 <juliank> Just giving this a quick look given that biran is not here

 16:05 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:06 <juliank> bug 1951214

 16:06 <ubottu> Bug 1951214 in apport (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-bug isn't opening firefox (snap) on jammy, instead gedit gets data" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951214

 16:06 <juliank> there's a patch

 16:08 <juliank> I'd say let's card this one

 16:08 <slyon> done

 16:08 <juliank> bug 1650688

 16:08 <ubottu> Bug 1650688 in Snappy "timedatectl set-timezone fails on UC16" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1650688

 16:08 <slyon> there are patches around for this one, too. So I'd say let's card it

 16:08 <juliank> that's in systemd on our side, to clarify

 16:09 <juliank> +1 on carding, seems important

 16:09 <slyon> ✓

 16:09 <juliank> bug 1943530

 16:09 <ubottu> Bug 1943530 in krb5 (Ubuntu) "link libkrb5 with openssl" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1943530

 16:10 <juliank> probably don't want to do this now during the transition

 16:10 <juliank> let's get back it this next week

 16:10 <juliank> bug 1951399

 16:10 <ubottu> Bug 1951399 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu, Budgie, Kubuntu, Kylin, MATE, Xubuntu: jammy daily fails to install" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951399

 16:10 <sil2100> huh

 16:10 <sil2100> Ah, tempfile related

 16:10 <juliank> there is an ubuntu-devel thread about the debianutils change which broke this

 16:11 <sil2100> This is discussed on the ML, yeah

 16:11 <juliank> so this is in progress already and should be fixed soon

 16:11 <juliank> I guess we can just untag it

 16:11 <sil2100> Should we still card it in that case for tracking on Jira?

 16:11 <sil2100> Or that

 16:11 <juliank> What do you think?

 16:13 <sil2100> Ok, let's untag it but get in touch with Robie next week

 16:13 <doko> rbasak, did you already start on that? delaying for next week

 16:13 <schopin> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2021-November/041691.html for reference

 16:14 <juliank> ok untagged and linked to mail and merge

 16:14 <juliank> last bug is bug 1951993

 16:14 <ubottu> Bug 1951993 in python-defer (Ubuntu) "libnet-ssleay-perl FTBFS" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951993

 16:15 <schopin> can be untagged, I guess?

 16:15 <juliank> which we already dealt with otherwise

 16:15 <slyon> it seems to be resolved as of 5h ago

 16:15 <juliank> yeah, I untagged it now

 16:15 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <juliank> it's empty!

 16:16 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <juliank> bug 1948884

 16:16 <ubottu> Bug 1948884 in casper (Ubuntu) "casper interactive_netmount looks for the wrong url on 20.04.3" [Low, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1948884

 16:17 <juliank> I don't know enough casper to judge what the impact is

 16:17 <sil2100> Still didn't have time

 16:17 <juliank> brian marked it low

 16:17 <sil2100> Let's leave it for next meeting!

 16:17 <juliank> ok

 16:17 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:17 <juliank> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <juliank> I don't think it makes sense assigning stuff today

 16:18 <doko> +1

 16:18 <juliank> is there anything needing urgent attention though?

 16:19 <juliank> I don't see anything particularly awful, so let's move on

 16:19 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:19 <sil2100> All good!

 16:19 <schopin> regarding excuses, pam has been stuck for a while and I can't figure it out :/

 16:19 <juliank> Oh I'm out tomorrow

 16:21 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)