== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 08 Jun at 14:29 &mdash; 14:47 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-06-08-14.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fence-agents/+bug/897492 is the old one  (cpaelzer, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/flashrom/+bug/1912371   (bittin, 14:38)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ledmon/+bug/1794219 was another one on doko's todo list without an update  (cpaelzer, 14:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-cheroot/+bug/1930111   (cpaelzer, 14:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (58)
 * sarnold (11)
 * bittin (11)
 * ubottu (5)
 * jamespage (4)
 * didrocks (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full log ==


 14:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:29:43 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:29 <sarnold> good morning

 14:30 <cpaelzer> ping didrocks sarnold jamespage doko ddstreet - MIR Meeting

 14:30 <cpaelzer> hi sarnold

 14:30 <ddstreet> o/

 14:30 <sarnold> hey cpaelzer, ddstreet, bittin :)

 14:30 <didrocks> hey o/ (in a meeting, but will try to follow)

 14:30 <cpaelzer> thanks for the FYI, we will talk CAPSLOCK to yell over that other meeting then :-)

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <didrocks> haha

 14:31 <sarnold> hehe

 14:31 <cpaelzer> no actions logged AFAIK

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> jamespage: might not be here, but he has let me know about cherrypy

 14:32 <sarnold> (no progress on backuppc)

 14:32 <cpaelzer> and as you see plenty of cases already got in a good state

 14:32 <cpaelzer> arr sarnold - I'm supposed to backuppc-annoy you so you do the review - not vice versa

 14:32 <cpaelzer> :-P

 14:32 <sarnold> hhehe

 14:32 <cpaelzer> so as we assumed for cherrypy and depdendencies this is driven by jamespage

 14:32 <cpaelzer> he assumed that two of them might need security review eventually

 14:33 <cpaelzer> but most of them look like trivial and safe python libs

 14:33 <cpaelzer> the other new but expected thing here is pacemakre -> fence-agents

 14:33 <cpaelzer> The problem is in the links, we have multiple MIR bugs for that

 14:33 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fence-agents/+bug/897492 is the old one

 14:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 897492 in fence-agents (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fence-agents" [Wishlist, Fix Released]

 14:34 <cpaelzer> But https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fence-agents/+bug/1927004 is the new one

 14:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927004 in fence-agents (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fence-agents" [Undecided, New]

 14:34 <sarnold> six digits, old indeed

 14:34 <cpaelzer> so the tool lists that as "approved" but in reality it is waiting on security

 14:34 <bittin> 2011 so pretty old

 14:34 <cpaelzer> It is all good, IMHO the bad coloring/link isn't too bad unless we'd loose the ability to handle things

 14:35 <cpaelzer> OTOH if someone wants to hack som code for component mismatches let us know

 14:35 <cpaelzer> The rest here are all old/known cases or false-positives

 14:35 <cpaelzer> doko: was there feedback on maas->ipmitool ?

 14:36 <cpaelzer> you said you wanted to discuss that with xnox again

 14:36 <cpaelzer> hmm, memory-corruption - or did I already give in and said I'd look at it for server

 14:36 * cpaelzer checks logs

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I was right, starting with the clarification between doo/xnox was the plan

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <bittin> [MIR] flashrom + libftdi

 14:38 <bittin> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/flashrom/+bug/1912371

 14:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi1 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided, New]

 14:38 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:38 <jamespage> o/

 14:39 <sarnold> hey jamespage :)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> this (libfdti) was on doko to complete from the meeting on first of june

 14:39 <bittin> jamespage: we talked about wanting status of cherrypi from you?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> I see no update, but unfortunately he didn't show up yet to answer our questions

 14:40 <cpaelzer> I'd keep it with him as it is a foundations topic anyway - he'll pickup the highlight later onw

 14:41 <cpaelzer> jamespage: yeah please feel free to read the backlog above if I said anything wrong abyout cherrypy3

 14:41 <cpaelzer> until then

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <jamespage> I think only one will need security review but I also had feedback on the package itself

 14:42 <cpaelzer> thanks for confirming jamespage

 14:42 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ledmon/+bug/1794219 was another one on doko's todo list without an update

 14:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1794219 in ledmon (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ledmon" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sorry doko a lot of old things to highlight you on :-/

 14:43 <cpaelzer> the other oen in incomplete bugs is

 14:43 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-cheroot/+bug/1930111

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930111 in python-cheroot (Ubuntu) "[MIR] new dependencies of cherrypy3: jaraco.collections, jaraco.classes, jaraco.text, python-cheroot, python-jaraco.functools, python-tempora, python-portend, zc.lockfile" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 14:43 <cpaelzer> which seems related to the cherrypy3 context

 14:43 <bittin> [Rationale]

 14:43 <bittin> Dependencies of the new cherrypy3 18.6.0-1 release.

 14:43 <cpaelzer> so that is already in the hands of jamespage

 14:43 <bittin> so yeah

 14:44 <cpaelzer> well, it seems today was a meeting with no new tasks then

 14:44 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:44 <jamespage> hurrah!

 14:44 <bittin> :p

 14:44 <sarnold> huzzah!

 14:44 <cpaelzer> some old ones for jamespage and doko which are all fine to complete until next week

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> nothig else from me

 14:44 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:44 <didrocks> nothing either

 14:44 <jamespage> nope

 14:44 <bittin> nope i see GNOME 40.2 trickling in and other things :)

 14:44 <cpaelzer> except maye - @sarnold did you do backuppc since 10 minutes ago

 14:45 <bittin> but don't have anything to discuss

 14:45 <sarnold> cpaelzer: indeed no :) hehe

 14:45 <cpaelzer> yeah bittin; I've seen plenty of mid-sized things in impish-excuse but nothing that seems to explode toward MIR/Main-Inclusion atm

 14:45 <cpaelzer> ok then, thank you all for you time keeping this queue clean and handled fast

 14:46 <bittin> well i think the plan is to package 41 for impish when thats out in September and have that as default

 14:46 <cpaelzer> always good to know bittin

 14:46 <cpaelzer> bittin: would that be worth an entry in https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/impish-indri-release-schedule/18540 ?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> In regard to the MIR Team meeting content I'd close here then ...

 14:47 <sarnold> that sounds ambitious

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)