== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 06 Apr at 14:30 &mdash; 14:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-04-06-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cinder/2:18.0.0~b1-0ubuntu2   (sarnold, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cinder/2:18.0.0~b1-0ubuntu2   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ToolChain/LTO   (cpaelzer, 14:38)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (35)
 * doko (9)
 * sarnold (8)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (1)
 * icey (1)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:03 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> sarnold: jamespage: didrocks: ddstreet: doko: ping MIR-party people

 14:30 <ddstreet> o/

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:31 <cpaelzer> extra ping for jamespage as the only interestign bit seems to be coud archive related

 14:31 <cpaelzer> getting started

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Using the agreed "fast path" of our meeting I anted to let you know that

 14:32 <cpaelzer> action-items, component-mismatches, new MIRs and incomplete MIRs all have no new entries and can be skipped today

 14:32 <cpaelzer> the one thing worth to bring up is

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <doko> o/

 14:33 <cpaelzer> There we see cinder <-> python-boto*

 14:33 <doko> I pinged icey about that last week

 14:34 <icey> doko: cpaelzer: I believe that coreycb uploaded a change to resolve that yesterday

 14:34 <sarnold> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cinder/2:18.0.0~b1-0ubuntu2

 14:34 <cpaelzer> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cinder/2:18.0.0~b1-0ubuntu2

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:35 <cpaelzer> that seems to be on the way to be resolved then

 14:35 <cpaelzer> Which is great

 14:35 <cpaelzer> that leads to

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> so what's up?

 14:35 <doko> one thing

 14:35 <cpaelzer> @sarnold are you planning ahead security reviews in 21.10 cycle or is it to early to bother about that?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> doko: what is it?

 14:36 <sarnold> cpaelzer: heh, we're still working on reviews from N cycles in the past..

 14:36 <doko> I'd like to add a requirement that a package in main must not be on the lto-disabled list, but the fix, or the work-around should be directly in the package

 14:37 <cpaelzer> so you'd want the lto-disable in the package and not in the list

 14:37 <cpaelzer> sounds reasonable to me to enforce maintainer-awareness

 14:37 <cpaelzer> any reasons opinions against that suggestion?

 14:37 <sarnold> what's involved in a maintainer opting into the lto-disable in their package?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ToolChain/LTO

 14:38 <doko> for universe? just uploading a new lto-disabled-list package

 14:38 <cpaelzer> export DEB_BUILD_MAINT_OPTIONS=optimize=-lto

 14:39 <sarnold> nice docs doko :)

 14:40 <doko> so agreed?

 14:41 <sarnold> yeah, I think this is a good idea

 14:41 <cpaelzer> +1 - I'm already writing the text for it

 14:41 <doko> sarnold: I would suggest doing the disablement for hirsute security uploads as well, if you find something that doesn't build/work with lto

 14:41 <sarnold> doko: ack, thanks, I'll pass it along

 14:42 <doko> but filing a bug report would be appreciated

 14:42 <cpaelzer> 3/3 votes for that change

 14:42 <cpaelzer> no more people here and it seems rather non controversial

 14:42 <cpaelzer> adding the change to the wiki ...

 14:43 <doko> ta

 14:44 <cpaelzer> done

 14:44 <cpaelzer> to review template and the explanations

 14:44 <cpaelzer> anything else ?

 14:44 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:45 <cpaelzer> ok and doko said one (=1) thing which we handled

 14:45 <cpaelzer> closing this early giving you back some time

 14:45 <cpaelzer> thanks @all

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)