== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 06 May at 15:00 &mdash; 15:39 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-05-06-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:08)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:16)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:19)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:29.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:29)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:37.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (54)
 * sil2100 (29)
 * juliank (19)
 * dbungert (18)
 * doko (17)
 * ubottu (15)
 * slyon (12)
 * JawnSmith (10)
 * waveform (8)
 * rbalint (8)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:59 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 15:01 <bdmurray> waveform sil2100 jawnsmith rbalint bdmurray dbungert slyon vorlon juliank doko mwhudson

 15:01 <waveform> * Sponsored linux-firmware-raspi2 and pi-bluetooth SRUs for JawnSmith (LP: #1925971, LP: #1926378)

 15:01 <waveform> * Working on u-boot merge (incorporating current RISC-V patchset)

 15:01 <waveform> * Played around with some autopkgtest-web optimizations (https://code.launchpad.net/~waveform/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-cloud/+merge/402343)

 15:01 <waveform> * Tested USB boot on the Focal .2 release and wrote up instructions

 15:01 <waveform> * Wrote a (ridiculously long, rambling) post about the upcoming changes to GPIO access on the Raspberry Pi

 15:01 <waveform> * Investigated state of Sense HAT libraries upstream in RaspiOS, and current compatibility in Ubuntu

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925971 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "SRU bluetooth fixes and CVEs to focal and groovy" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925971

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926378 in pi-bluetooth (Ubuntu Focal) "SRU pi-bluetooth from hirsute to focal to enable all models" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926378

 15:01 <waveform> (done)

 15:02 <sil2100> - Short week, national holidays on Monday/Tuesday

 15:02 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:02 <sil2100> - ESM britney:

 15:02 <sil2100> * Tweaks to the security britney infra to support the new ESM cases

 15:02 <sil2100> * Setting up all the missing branches for review

 15:02 <sil2100> * Preparing creds

 15:02 <sil2100> - Rebuilding and copying some EKS packages for CPC

 15:02 <sil2100> - Reviewing the DBus generate PR for Lukas

 15:02 <sil2100> - Interviews, grading and meetings

 15:02 <sil2100> - Investigating bileto britney issues - resolved with IS

 15:02 <sil2100> - Investigating focal britney issues - removed stale lockfile

 15:02 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image weekly meeting

 15:02 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:02 <sil2100> - Sprint meetings

 15:02 <sil2100> (done)

 15:02 <JawnSmith> * Short week due to illness

 15:02 <JawnSmith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in golang

 15:02 <JawnSmith> * Initial commits pushed!

 15:02 <JawnSmith> * Currently builds as a debian package and does some simple parameter validation

 15:02 <JawnSmith> * 100% code coverage so it will yell at us if we slip below that

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Boot Ubuntu 21.04 on BeagleV

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * It boots!

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Needs kernel and u-boot improvements. I will handle u-boot

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1920837 SRU verification

 15:03 <JawnSmith> [done]

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1920837 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport bugs from official raspi or riscv images are not identified" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1920837

 15:03 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:03 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:03 <rbalint> * triaging the focal glibc SRU regresions

 15:03 <rbalint> * uploaded systemd 247.3-5ubuntu1, finalizing 248-0ubuntu1

 15:03 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:03 <rbalint> * watched some sprint events

 15:03 <rbalint> (done)

 15:04 <bdmurray> very short week due to holiday

 15:04 <bdmurray> special sru-release of debootstrap, apt, update-notifier

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated manpages.ubuntu.com for 21.10

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated daisy code, production ET for impish

 15:04 <bdmurray> created impish apport test-crashes

 15:04 <bdmurray> merged update-notifier fix for LP: #1926298, SRU'ed it for hirsute

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926298 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Hirsute) "Segfault added in the recent changes" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926298

 15:04 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:04 <dbungert> * LP: #1925722 - unit test added & merged

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925722 in curtin "cannot deploy ESXi to non-sda drive" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925722

 15:04 <dbungert> * LP: #1926298 - accepted for impish, SRU requested, analyze test failure in

 15:04 <dbungert> update-motd and the update-notifier trigger on that failure is unrelated

 15:04 <dbungert> * +1

 15:04 <dbungert> * ui-utilcpp - a ftbfs that isn't reproducible on Debian, maybe there is an

 15:04 <dbungert> * lava - local tests fine, want to go look at logs and probably request retest

 15:04 <dbungert> interesting behavior here

 15:04 <dbungert> * xfig - local tests fine, there is a valgrind complaint which I chased for a

 15:04 <dbungert> while before concluding that ghostscript has some valgrind magic in there.

 15:04 <dbungert> Failures are quite consistent in Ubuntu builds for this.  Perhaps a

 15:04 <dbungert> ghostscript guru could look.

 15:04 <dbungert> * sshuttle - someone added this to long_tests but it hadn't been run since

 15:04 <dbungert> (except right at time of impish start and there were other transient issues)

 15:05 <dbungert> amd64 retest fine.  Next action - trigger more retests, and this package

 15:05 <dbungert> should be updated to make the tests quicker.

 15:05 <dbungert> * openmolcas - I can't reproduce the builder problems, but I can produce

 15:05 <dbungert> other test suite failures.  Will send MP for testsuite updates to Debian.

 15:05 <dbungert> (done)

 15:05 <slyon> - Interviews/homework reviews

 15:05 <slyon> - learning lots of stuff about snap{d,craft}, apparmor & core20

 15:05 <slyon> - Discussions with security & snapd about apparmor profiles PR (LP: #1926442)

 15:05 <slyon> - Testing & improving NetworkManager snap on UC20, MP#400398

 15:05 <slyon> * vendorized and patched netplan to work around the confinement issues

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926442 in Snappy "cannot execute 'netplan generate' from within a snap" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926442

 15:05 <slyon> * this is now working without changes to snapd/apparmor confinement! \o/

 15:05 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:05 <slyon> - community support (via email/IRC), bug #1927301

 15:05 <slyon> - Implemented new io.netplan.Netplan.Generate() dbus API, PR#208

 15:05 <slyon> - Working on YAML generator & corresponding test system

 15:05 <slyon> (done)

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1927301 in netplan "Order of Netplan YAML definitions for OVS" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927301

 15:05 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:06 <bdmurray> how about juliank

 15:06 <juliank> * apt:

 15:06 <juliank> - more work on the resilient networking spec, digging into the code to figure out where we are at the moment

 15:06 <juliank> + discovered that TLS handshakes are fatal errors. Found fix to make them transient - and hence retry work for them,

 15:06 <juliank> but need to write tests still :/

 15:06 <juliank> - GitHub mirror pull request triage :/ - one merged :)

 15:06 <juliank> * autopkgtest-cloud: Fixed britney and improving performance

 15:06 <juliank> - added index in the database to speed up the root page

 15:06 <juliank> - switched publish-db to use the sqlite backup API instead of file copy, as it was copying inconsistant files

 15:06 <juliank> - new publish-db now held the read lock, so blocked writers. Switched journal mode from DELETE to WAL to remove blocking between writers and readers

 15:06 <juliank> - even writers can now write in parallel with BEGIN CONCURRENT; so we plan to move the web frontend to the live database instead of the r/o copy,

 15:06 <juliank> which requires adding the extra tables to the r/w ones that contains the current source versions (which we can't block other writers with)

 15:06 <juliank> - discussing performance improvements with waveform, reviewing waveform's publish-db performance improvements. We need to make /statistics faster,

 15:06 <juliank> it currently takes over a minute per query - ouch

 15:06 <juliank> * sent patch to Debian to make fakeroot fast with large ulimit -n

 15:06 <juliank> * "beta testing" pipewire, synced 0.2.36, I'm testing audio support, still problems (skips/cutouts/distortions) with my Sony WF-1000XM3; certainly improved skipping under load otherwise though.

 15:06 <juliank> (done)

 15:06 <doko> - Python 3.9.5 and 3.10.0 beta1 release

 15:06 <doko> - looking at GCC testsuite failures on armhf, updated glibc again

 15:06 <doko> - looking at GDB testsuite timeouts, no fix yet

 15:06 <doko> - attending the plenaries for the sprint week

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> okay, are there any questions on status?

 15:07 <sil2100> None here o/

 15:07 <bdmurray> moving on then

 15:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> bug 1927192

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1927192 in gdb (Ubuntu) "gdb ftbfs on armhf, testsuite timeouts" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927192

 15:09 <bdmurray> well that seems worth carding

 15:09 <doko> yes, working on that, taking some time ...

 15:09 <bdmurray> okay

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1926660

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1926660 in update-motd (Ubuntu) "autopkgtests fail due to new update-motd snippet" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926660

 15:14 <bdmurray> Let's go ahead and card this we should sort this out one way or another.

 15:15 <mclemenceau> sounds good, will do

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1923464 we'd talked about waiting on. juliank are you still discussing this with Dimitri?

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1923464 in u-boot-menu (Ubuntu) "ideally should boot rootfs from a matching hard drive" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923464

 15:16 <juliank> We can card it now, I think we now what the plan is

 15:16 <juliank> Need to split the card into multiple ones

 15:16 <bdmurray> okay, sounds good!

 15:16 <mclemenceau> ok then, carded

 15:16 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1926316

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1926316 in glib2.0 (Ubuntu) "lxappearance crashes on launch" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926316

 15:17 <bdmurray> it looks like the desktop team is handling this

 15:18 <bdmurray> I'll check with them to confirm

 15:19 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1926819

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1926819 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "Empty MOTD on up-to-date systems (includes fix)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926819

 15:20 <bdmurray> let's check with server abotu this as they have commented on it and the change being intentional

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1921427

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1921427 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "/usr/lib/update-notifier/list-oem-metapackages:AttributeError:/usr/lib/update-notifier/list-oem-metapackages@56:write_oem_metapackage_list" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921427

 15:22 <bdmurray> sil2100: Do you think there is much for us to do here after the fact?

 15:24 <sil2100> Whoopsie

 15:24 <sil2100> Yeah, I think in this particular case there's indeed not much we can do

 15:24 <bdmurray> Let's go ahead and untag it then but talk to the SRU team about it.

 15:24 <sil2100> +1

 15:25 <bdmurray> I still need to test bug 1921593 again

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1921593 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade fails with no error" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921593

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1920107

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1920107 in finalrd (Ubuntu) "Failed messages of sd-umount shown with reboot/shutdown" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1920107

 15:28 <bdmurray> Given that it is just aesthetic let's tag that notfixing

 15:28 <sil2100> I don't know if we should put much effort into that since it's uh, not very 'critical'

 15:29 <bdmurray> that's it for bugs then

 15:29 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:29 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:30 <doko> let's walk through...

 15:30 <juliank> Everything is just waiting on arm64 basically :D

 15:30 <bdmurray> juliank: what do you mean? I've been out for a bit

 15:30 <doko> we can address some things

 15:30 <sil2100> doko: I can take livecd-rootfs o/

 15:30 <sil2100> But juliank might have fix it already

 15:31 <doko> skip sbuild, arm64

 15:31 <doko> ubuntu-release-upgrader , update-motd?

 15:32 <bdmurray> that's the update-motd bug we talked about recently

 15:32 <rbalint> i take update-motd

 15:32 <doko> systemd regressions, rbalint?

 15:32 <doko> libzstd, burrow?

 15:32 <rbalint> doko, ack for sytemd

 15:33 <bdmurray> I can do burrow

 15:33 <slyon> I'll do burrow

 15:33 <bdmurray> Okay, I won't

 15:33 <sil2100> FIGHT

 15:33 <doko> debconf triggerd ones?

 15:33 <sil2100> Oh, ok

 15:33 <bdmurray> I yield!

 15:34 <sil2100> juliank I guess will take that ^

 15:34 <doko> debconf -> juliank

 15:34 <doko> fonts-font-awesome/jupyter-notebook

 15:35 <doko> -> waveform

 15:35 <waveform> ack

 15:35 <bdmurray> we'll retry krb5

 15:36 <sil2100> \o/

 15:36 <bdmurray> and some other armhf failures

 15:36 <bdmurray> sil2100: ubuntu-image has a regression?

 15:37 <sil2100> Oh? Looking

 15:37 <doko> ok, I think it doesn't make sense to look further

 15:37 <bdmurray> alright, thanks doko

 15:37 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:38 <sil2100> bdmurray: ah, the amd64 one? It's flaky, since the boot test does have tendencies to fail

 15:38 <sil2100> I'll retry it

 15:38 <bdmurray> sil2100: yes that one thanks!

 15:39 <bdmurray> Okay, if there is nothing else thanks everybody!

 15:39 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)