== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by cyphermox, 31 Aug at 19:00 &mdash; 19:30 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-08-31-19.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:00.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:04.

 * '''Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.'''  (cyphermox, 19:05)
 * '''formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:'''  (cyphermox, 19:09)
 * '''vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.'''  (cyphermox, 19:09)
 * '''vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list'''  (cyphermox, 19:09)
 * '''sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step'''  (cyphermox, 19:10)
 * '''rbasak to follow up regarding security-team's advice on the flatpak TB request'''  (cyphermox, 19:12)
  * ''ACTION:'' mdeslaur to follow-up/respond for security team on advice for the flatpak policykit TB request  (rbasak, 19:16)
 * '''Work on getting a set of requirements for Ubuntu packages that enable third party software repositiories by default - related to a ML entry (work document here: https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements )'''  (cyphermox, 19:17)
  * ''ACTION:'' all TB members to "vote" or explain what they do not like of a proposal on https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements  (cyphermox, 19:25)

=== Other agenda items ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:28.


=== Pending mailing list items ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:28.


=== Community bugs ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:29.


=== Chair for next meeting ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:29.

 * ''AGREED:'' Next chair rbasak, backup would be vorlon.  (cyphermox, 19:29)
 * '''AOB'''  (cyphermox, 19:29)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (55)
 * rbasak (27)
 * meetingology (6)
 * sarnold (2)
 * sil2100-NA (1)



== Full log ==


 19:00 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:00:41 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:00 <rbasak> vorlon: coming?

 19:00 <cyphermox> #chair cyphermox rbasak

 19:00 <cyphermox> #topic Apologies

 19:00 <cyphermox> mdeslaur already sent his apologies on the mailing list.

 19:00 <meetingology> Current chairs: cyphermox, rbasak

 19:03 <cyphermox> no vorlon?

 19:04 <rbasak> I think three is enough for us to proceed

 19:04 <cyphermox> yeah, just giving people time

 19:04 <cyphermox> #topic Action review

 19:05 <cyphermox> #subtopic Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 19:05 <rbasak> I found https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/05/28/%23ubuntu-desktop.html#t10:42

 19:05 <rbasak> That's the last discussion on the matter AFAIK.

 19:05 <cyphermox> that's good

 19:05 <cyphermox> well, it's carry in any case

 19:05 <rbasak> It sounds to me that the issue will be addressed, but there's no time frame for it.

 19:06 <cyphermox> you think we should drop?

 19:07 <rbasak> IMHO, these things need deadlines if we ever want them to happen.

 19:08 <cyphermox> well, sure, but we're departing from the MATE boutique concerns and more into whether some flavor will continue or not

 19:08 <rbasak> Which is difficult to impose on volunteers of course

 19:08 <cyphermox> yup yup

 19:09 <cyphermox> #subtopic formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 19:09 <cyphermox> #subtopic vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:09 <cyphermox> #subtopic vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 19:10 <cyphermox> carry, since vorlon isn't here.

 19:10 <cyphermox> #subtopic sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:10 <cyphermox> sil2100-NA: not sure if you're getting everything on your phone; pinging you in case you didn't see ^, take your time

 19:11 <sil2100-NA> So, I have something, but not much - started on the wiki, will give a link later when I'm home ;)

 19:12 <cyphermox> alright :)

 19:12 <cyphermox> #subtopic rbasak to follow up regarding security-team's advice on the flatpak TB request

 19:12 <rbasak> I did the follow up. We haven't heard back from the security team (same status as last meeting)

 19:13 <cyphermox> yup ok

 19:13 <rbasak> How should we proceed?

 19:13 <sarnold> :(

 19:13 <cyphermox> perhaps replace that with an "harass security team" action?

 19:13 <sarnold> :)

 19:13 <cyphermox> hey sarnold

 19:14 <rbasak> If only there were a security team member on the TB who could liase :)

 19:14 <cyphermox> guess the harassing is already done and we can revisit this next meeting?

 19:14 <rbasak> Maybe give Marc an action even though he's not here?

 19:14 <cyphermox> sure

 19:15 * cyphermox mdeslaur to follow-up/respond for security team on advice for the flatpak TB request

 19:15 <cyphermox> does that seem about right?

 19:15 <rbasak> Maybe make it clear it's the policykit thing

 19:15 <rbasak> As opposed to the DisplayCAL thing

 19:15 <cyphermox> and I'm not sure why meetingology is so silent

 19:15 <cyphermox> ack

 19:15 <cyphermox> I will adjust in the agenda notes

 19:16 <rbasak> #action mdeslaur to follow-up/respond for security team on advice for the flatpak policykit TB request

 19:16 * meetingology mdeslaur to follow-up/respond for security team on advice for the flatpak policykit TB request

 19:16 <cyphermox> heh

 19:16 <cyphermox> thanks rbasak

 19:17 <cyphermox> and then, we have

 19:17 <cyphermox> #subtopic Work on getting a set of requirements for Ubuntu packages that enable third party software repositiories by default - related to a ML entry (work document here: https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements )

 19:17 <cyphermox> I have added my own notes to the doc, last week

 19:17 <rbasak> I hope everyone's done their homework? :)

 19:17 <rbasak> I don't see anything from vorlon or from mdeslaur

 19:18 <rbasak> Oh Marc has made a couple of comments

 19:19 <rbasak> I'm not sure that the person proposing a specific requirement has written a comment justifying it though.

 19:19 <rbasak> Which makes it difficult for me to decide if I agree or not.

 19:21 <cyphermox> yep

 19:21 <rbasak> I just added to each proposed requirements a place for names

 19:22 <cyphermox> names as in who proposed?

 19:22 <rbasak> Maybe it would help if everyone could state their position on each proposal

 19:22 <cyphermox> or should we vote for what we agree with

 19:22 <cyphermox> ah, yes

 19:22 <rbasak> Also if it's not black or white, please do explain because we can still adjust each proposal as needed.

 19:24 <cyphermox> yup

 19:25 <cyphermox> --> all TB members to "vote" or explain what they do not like of a proposal on https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements

 19:25 <cyphermox> sounds good?

 19:25 <rbasak> +1

 19:25 <cyphermox> #action all TB members to "vote" or explain what they do not like of a proposal on https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements

 19:25 * meetingology all TB members to "vote" or explain what they do not like of a proposal on https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements

 19:28 <cyphermox> #topic Other agenda items

 19:28 <cyphermox> there was only DisplayCAL / third party repos otherwise, which we've already "discussed"

 19:28 <cyphermox> #topic Pending mailing list items

 19:28 <cyphermox> As far as I could tell, nothing unaddressed in the ML.

 19:29 <cyphermox> #topic Community bugs

 19:29 <cyphermox> Zaroo bugs.

 19:29 <rbasak> I don't spot anything in ML eithe

 19:29 <rbasak> r

 19:29 <cyphermox> #topic Chair for next meeting

 19:29 <cyphermox> #agreed Next chair rbasak, backup would be vorlon.

 19:29 <meetingology> AGREED: Next chair rbasak, backup would be vorlon.

 19:29 <cyphermox> #subtopic AOB

 19:29 <cyphermox> Anything I missed?

 19:29 <rbasak> Nothing from me.

 19:29 <rbasak> Thank you for chairing!

 19:30 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)