== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 13 May at 15:02 &mdash; 15:38 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-05-13-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:02.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:21)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:25)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:32)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:35.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (58)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * ubottu (19)
 * vorlon (18)
 * JawnSmith (16)
 * dbungert (13)
 * rbalint (8)
 * waveform (8)
 * meetingology (2)
 * cjwatson (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:41 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:03 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 15:03 <bdmurray> jawnsmith vorlon sil2100 slyon rbalint juliank bdmurray mwhudson waveform dbungert doko

 15:03 <bdmurray> JawnSmith: you are up

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Re-write ubuntu image in go

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Touch up skeleton project

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Some productive planning meetings

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * clean up build artifacts

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * RISC-V hardware support

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Trying lots of different configurations on Unmatched

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Blog post in progress

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * Creating beagleV bootable image and passing off to kernel team

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * SRU verification for bluetooth/wifi enablement on all pi models in groovy/focal

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1921915

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1921915 in pi-bluetooth (Ubuntu Focal) "Bluetooth controller not detected on CM4" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921915

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1925971

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925971 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "SRU bluetooth fixes and CVEs to focal and groovy" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925971

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1903048

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903048 in bluez (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[SRU] Bluetooth won't activate on the pi 400" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903048

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1926378

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926378 in pi-bluetooth (Ubuntu) "SRU pi-bluetooth from hirsute to focal to enable all models" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926378

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1912905

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912905 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "Can't find WLAN device on RPI-CM4L with 20.10 armhf preinstall server image" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912905

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1918013

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918013 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "package linux-firmware 1.194 [modified: lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43430-sdio.bin lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43430-sdio.raspberrypi,3-model-b.txt lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43455-sdio.bin lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43455-sdio.raspberrypi,3-model-b-plus.txt lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43455-sdio.raspberrypi,4-model-b.txt] failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite '/lib/firmware/brcm/brc

 15:04 <JawnSmith> [done]

 15:04 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:05 <vorlon> working on grub, shim updates for hirsute (to unblock upgrades) and xenial (to let us officially close out 16.04 standard support) and all other releases (to comply with SRU policy)

 15:05 <vorlon> * drafting a response to the network-online.target discussion on ubuntu-devel

 15:05 <vorlon> * addressing questions about secureboot signing on s390x

 15:05 <vorlon> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> * Preparing security-only rebuilds of Matthias'es python SRUs

 15:06 <sil2100> * This requires a few re-runs and shepharding

 15:06 <sil2100> - Monday alpha squad merge party:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Merged libgcrypt20, gparted

 15:06 <sil2100> * Poked security about intel-microcode

 15:06 <sil2100> - ESM britney

 15:06 <sil2100> * Still waiting for Iain'a final reviews and staging deployment

 15:06 <sil2100> - Kicking off core18 and core20 snaps to beta for certification testing

 15:06 <sil2100> - Poked Sergio about edge-testing automation not working

 15:06 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding ubuntu-image (along with snapd team members!)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Started looking at snapd code related to gadgets handling - though only just now...

 15:06 <sil2100> - Cherry-picking the systemd activation policy support to hirsute, groovy and focal

 15:06 <sil2100> - Refreshing the related netplan.io PR

 15:06 <sil2100> - Helping out with getting the grub2-signed xenial cloud regression reviewed and released

 15:06 <sil2100> - No-change rebuild of ubuntu-core-initramfs

 15:06 <sil2100> - Pushing the DTB-handling new gadget snaps to beta channels + discussions regarding how to proceed from here

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> its a public holiday in Germany

 15:06 <bdmurray> so rbalint

 15:07 <rbalint> * merged mdadm

 15:07 <rbalint> * synced dash

 15:07 <rbalint> * poked glibc to migrate

 15:07 <rbalint> * fixed update-motd autopkgtest

 15:07 <rbalint> * merged 248.2-1ubuntu1, will upload after the meeting

 15:07 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:07 <rbalint> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> investigation into / overriding of update-notifier, u-r-u, horizon not regressions

 15:08 <bdmurray> research into users who have testcase admin rights at the ISO tracker

 15:08 <bdmurray> review of update-notifier changes regarding ESM, uploaded for impish

 15:08 <bdmurray> sponsored a speedtest-cli patch for LP: #1923352

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1923352 in speedtest-cli (Ubuntu Groovy) "speedtest-cli crashed with ValueError in get_config(): invalid literal for int() with base 10: ''" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923352

 15:08 <bdmurray> working on charmhelpers / software-properties bug LP: #1433761

 15:08 <bdmurray> contacted IS regarding the Error Tracker migration to Bionic

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated meta-release, meta-release-devel for hirsute and impish

 15:08 <bdmurray> recreation of upgrade bug LP: #1927268 (have a fix for it)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1433761 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "apt-key and add-apt-repository don't honor Acquire::http::Proxy" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1433761

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927268 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrading distro invalid packages" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927268

 15:08 <bdmurray> started working on a fix for bug LP: #1925529

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925529 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Impish) ""ReleaseNotesViewer" does not display anything with the text view" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925529

 15:08 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:08 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:08 <waveform> * Merges for cdrkit (LP: #1927944) and db5.3 (LP: #1927978)

 15:08 <waveform> * Testing u-boot merge

 15:08 <waveform> * More work on autopkgtest-web optimizations (reviewed bits for juliank, worked on /statistics optimization but results are too "big" currently)

 15:08 <waveform> * Tested Sense HAT functionality in Ubuntu under arm64 5.11 kernel (still need to test on older kernels and under armhf)

 15:08 <waveform> * Reviewing status of several HAT libraries in RaspiOS

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927944 in cdrkit (Ubuntu) "Sync cdrkit 9:1.1.11-3.2 (main) from Debian unstable" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927944

 15:08 <waveform> * Working on release upgrade quirk for final transition from u-boot

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927978 in db5.3 (Ubuntu) "Please merge db5.3 5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927978

 15:08 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:08 <waveform> (done)

 15:08 <dbungert> * +1

 15:08 <dbungert> * ntopng - investigate build failure which turned out to be a latent security

 15:08 <dbungert> * sshuttle - light followup and file LP: #1927757 to track improvements

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927757 in sshuttle (Ubuntu) "sshuttle autopkgtest is rather lengthy" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927757

 15:08 <dbungert> issue due to needing to move to a new SONAME version of a dependent library

 15:09 <dbungert> to pick up security fixes.  Document w/ Debian Security / debbug 977805

 15:09 <dbungert> * openmolcas - MP & debbug 988161 sent for test improvements

 15:09 <dbungert> * new desktop installer prep & sprint

 15:09 <dbungert> * subiquity - dryrun should use a sample machine config instead of probing

 15:09 <dbungert> * subiqutiy - investigate erratic pylint failures, seeming related to known

 15:09 <dbungert> issues with namedtuple https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint/issues/1628

 15:09 <dbungert> * new desktop installer - adapting a useful script from subiquity which should

 15:09 <dbungert> make it easier to get an updated installer snap in an existing ISO

 15:09 <dbungert> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1877523

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1877523 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "dist-upgrader should provide a better error message if the connection times out" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1877523

 15:12 <bdmurray> So I think ubuntu-release-upgrader could give some suggestions here about switching mirrors of the archive or maybe actually doing it.

 15:13 <bdmurray> I have seen a fair number of this class of report so let's card that.

 15:13 <sil2100> +1

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1927994 is a hoot

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1927994 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "/usr/lib/update-notifier/backend_helper.py:FileNotFoundError:/usr/lib/update-notifier/backend_helper.py@166:show_updates:call:__init__:_execute_child" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927994

 15:14 <bdmurray> IIRC update-notifier-common is seeded in server, but update-manager is not

 15:15 <bdmurray> Yeah, that's correct.

 15:15 <bdmurray> There aren't a lot of these crashes but it seems like something we should fix.

 15:15 <bdmurray> I don't have a great idea of how to fix it though.

 15:15 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 15:16 <vorlon> well, I don't think seeding update-manager on server is the right answer

 15:16 <vorlon> how essential are the operations that require u-m?

 15:16 <vorlon> should they become no-ops if u-m isn't present?

 15:16 <bdmurray> I don't recall that part of update-notifier well enough.

 15:18 <bdmurray> It's also possible there are more error buckets w/ this crash b/c of the line numbers changing.

 15:18 <bdmurray> So let's card it as a spike to figure out how essential the operations are.

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1921862

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1921862 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Focal) "Call germinate with -updates" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921862

 15:19 <rbalint> +1

 15:20 <bdmurray> It looks like the desktop team has this well in hand

 15:20 <bdmurray> I'm not sure there would be a benefit to carding it.

 15:20 <bdmurray> But let's look at it again next meeting.

 15:21 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:21 <sil2100> I have been poked to do a review, so I'll do that later today or tomorrow

 15:21 <sil2100> ...possibly tomorrow

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1916651

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1916651 in base-passwd (Ubuntu) "asks about irc user home directory during upgrade" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916651

 15:22 <bdmurray> Is there a way to prevent the prompt from appearing?

 15:22 <bdmurray> vorlon: ^

 15:23 <vorlon> would be a delta to Debian.  I would suggest consulting cjwatson as the upstream maintainer of base-passwd, but in principle I don't see any reason we have to get user consent before changing the irc user's homedir, especially since /var/run is categorically a symlink to /run now

 15:25 <bdmurray> ack

 15:25 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:26 <bdmurray> bug 1926819 has an MP

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1926819 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "Empty MOTD on up-to-date systems (includes fix)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926819

 15:26 <cjwatson> base-passwd> I'm fine with making that not prompt, but would like to review a patch

 15:28 <bdmurray> cjwatson: okay, thanks

 15:28 <bdmurray> then we have bug 1926925

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1926925 in os-prober (Ubuntu) "os-prober doesn't detect EFI boot partitions on mdraid devices in dual boot" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926925

 15:29 <bdmurray> unless somebody has an opinion about this maybe we should save this for next week

 15:29 <bdmurray> or vorlon do you think we should card it?

 15:29 <vorlon> not a regression, is it?

 15:29 <bdmurray> not as I read it

 15:29 <vorlon> seems like a low-priority bug for it to not detect an existing ESP in this condition and have to create a new one

 15:30 <bdmurray> okay

 15:30 <bdmurray> notfixing then

 15:31 <vorlon> I'm sure subiquity implements this perfectly

 15:31 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:32 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:32 <vorlon> there are only 3 packages waiting and they're all blocked on autopkgtests that appear to be baseline regressions

 15:32 <vorlon> I've retried the tests and am not going to bother distributing them today

 15:33 <vorlon> I think I saw discussion earlier about automake-1.16 vs bison but don't recall who - did anyone have interest in that?

 15:33 <vorlon> (ideally automake-1.16 would have passing tests; but it also shouldn't block bison if they've regressed in the release pocket)

 15:35 <vorlon> no answer, so let's move on :)

 15:35 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:35 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:37 <bdmurray> I'm out half of Monday and all of Tuesday.

 15:38 <bdmurray> okay, thanks everybody!

 15:38 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)