== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 21 Sep at 14:29 &mdash; 14:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-09-21-14.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/slyon/ubuntu-mir/pull/1/files   (cpaelzer, 14:32)

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:35)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:41)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:42.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (58)
 * sarnold (10)
 * slyon (8)
 * didrocks (5)
 * ddstreet (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full log ==


 14:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:29:48 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> ping MIR Meeting slyon didrocks ddstreet jamespage sarnold

 14:30 <sarnold> good morning

 14:30 <cpaelzer> o/

 14:30 <didrocks> hey

 14:30 <cpaelzer> hiho

 14:30 <slyon> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> I'll start slowly to give ddstreet and jamespage a bit of time to join/realize-activity

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> we have had two things going on

 14:31 <cpaelzer> first the great "new members with fresh eyes" update to the wiki

 14:31 <cpaelzer> as proposed here

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/slyon/ubuntu-mir/pull/1/files

 14:32 <ubottu> Pull 1 in slyon/ubuntu-mir "2021-09-15 suggestions" [Open]

 14:32 <cpaelzer> AFAICS we have resolved all open issues and I'd call to a vote or last objections before slyon then merges this into the wiki page

 14:32 * cpaelzer +1 on the proposal

 14:32 <slyon> Yes, I think I addressed all concerns

 14:33 * slyon +0 (as I think I cannot vote on my own proposal)

 14:33 <cpaelzer> fair

 14:33 <sarnold> +1

 14:33 * didrocks +1 as well

 14:33 <sarnold> thanks slyon :)

 14:33 <cpaelzer> awesome, that is everyone that is around atm

 14:33 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:33 <cpaelzer> slyon: can you push it to the page after the meeting?

 14:33 <slyon> will do!

 14:34 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:34 <sarnold> and thanks again for using the githib diff interface, very handy :)

 14:34 <slyon> :)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> the seconds ongoing action are the proposed changes for rust, it seems we seem to generally agree and I'll after slyons update rebase and use the same technique to open it up to more people

 14:35 <cpaelzer> thanks to everyone that ready/commented on the mail thread already!

 14:35 <cpaelzer> that gets us to the more classic MIR Team agenda items

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:35 <ddstreet> o/

 14:35 <ddstreet> sorry im late

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I see usual false-positives and fence-agents, python-oslo* and pytohn-cheroot - all on security

 14:35 <cpaelzer> hi ddstreet

 14:35 <ddstreet> in other mtg as usual

 14:36 <cpaelzer> anyone spotting anything else that is concerning in component mismatches?

 14:36 <cpaelzer> sarnold: since time is closer and closer - any ETA on these reviews

 14:36 <cpaelzer> sarnold: and anything we can help with to make it happen?

 14:36 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I've started on fence-agents

 14:37 <cpaelzer> *party*

 14:37 <sarnold> cpaelzer: alas no, I interviewed a guy yesterday who said he likes to read source code :) but that won't help us this cycle..

 14:37 <cpaelzer> ok let us believe in a better future

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer> one https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/egl-wayland/+bug/1935082

 14:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935082 in egl-wayland (Ubuntu) "[MIR] egl-wayland" [Undecided, Confirmed]

 14:37 <cpaelzer> this isn't entirely new

 14:38 <cpaelzer> it has all acks, but is the first case of our new "if you can't build/auto-test it you shall show that you test it otherwise"

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so we wait on a proper answer to that

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I tried to clarify on the bug what "I" woudl have expected

 14:39 <cpaelzer> please have a look at the last few comments if anyone of you disagrees

 14:39 <cpaelzer> since it is new to exercise these rules we might vary there

 14:39 <cpaelzer> give me a +1 or a suggestion what you'd want different

 14:39 <sarnold> I like your summary at the end

 14:40 <cpaelzer> thanks sarnold

 14:40 <sarnold> and I can appreciate the desire to have some flexibility for the first one, but .. "how do you test it?" isn't a super-complicated question

 14:40 <slyon> I think it's pretty clear now that they need to provide some kind of test plan

 14:40 <cpaelzer> and finally didrocks this is desktop'ish could you maybe help to sort that out as needed?

 14:41 <didrocks> sure, I can drop a comment, not really working closely to the graphics team, but weâ€™ll see. Otherwise, I like your summary too

 14:41 <didrocks> (well, I will let Alberto answering first)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> maybe leave the bug as-is but offer in the team that they can ping you or me if they are unsure

 14:41 <cpaelzer> ok so far, going on with the agenda

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:42 <cpaelzer> the recent two are fuse and rust

 14:42 <cpaelzer> rust relates to the mail that is going around, no new news there

 14:42 <cpaelzer> fuse3 was just some misunderstanding

 14:42 <cpaelzer> the plan still is to get fuse3 and foundations is working on getting all the dependencies ready

 14:42 <cpaelzer> everything else in there is rather old and not worth to mention

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:43 <didrocks> nothing for me, I still need to go to libportal which I plan before next meeting

 14:43 <cpaelzer> nothng from me

 14:43 <cpaelzer> thanks for the FYI didrocks

 14:43 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: to make sure we do not run away since you are double-booked - anything from you that needs to be adressed?

 14:43 <slyon> nope

 14:44 <ddstreet> nope nothing from me, thanks

 14:44 <cpaelzer> great, then todays meeting is complete

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thanks to all of you

 14:44 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:44 <slyon> o/

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)