== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 10 Aug at 14:32 &mdash; 14:49 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-08-10-14.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fence-agents/+bug/1927004 is the new MIR bug  (cpaelzer, 14:38)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:41)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (58)
 * didrocks (20)
 * sarnold (13)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (1)
 * kanashiro (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 14:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:32:05 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:32 <cpaelzer> hiho ddstreet didrocks sarnold_ jamespage and doko_

 14:32 <cpaelzer> MIR meeting time

 14:32 <ddstreet> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> I need you for the first section as I was unavailable for two weeks

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:32 <cpaelzer> was thre anything?

 14:32 <cpaelzer> e^

 14:32 <sarnold> we didn't have one last week

 14:33 <didrocks> yeah, we had one 2 weeks ago

 14:33 <didrocks> IIRC, the only thing that was left assigned while chairing was the adsys MIR

 14:33 <didrocks> no movement yet, I hope doko is on it before FF :)

 14:33 <didrocks> (as we will have the security review next)

 14:33 <cpaelzer> +1 on that didrocks

 14:33 <cpaelzer> I'll go on with the usual meeting agenda items then

 14:34 <didrocks> yeah

 14:34 <cpaelzer> if you think you need to escalate or re-assign adsys let us know please

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <didrocks> sure (I’ll be away the next couple of weeks though)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:35 <didrocks> I can look promoting nvidia-*

 14:35 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:35 <cpaelzer> it just is a new source version it seems

 14:36 <cpaelzer> but it is funny as with that manny arrows it looks like the desktop seed REALLY wants it

 14:36 <sarnold> hehe ;)

 14:36 <didrocks> exactly :-)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> let me ask my pacemaker/fence-agents in the background if that would be ready as well

 14:36 <cpaelzer> the MIR is approved IIRC wew only wanted to make a split of binaries - but I didn't track if that is ready now

 14:37 <didrocks> ack, if you need any promotion-button pushing monkey, do not hesitate to ping me

 14:38 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ok I restored my memory with the help of my teammate

 14:38 <kanashiro> the fence-agents MIR was +1 by the MIR team already but we are waiting for the security team review

 14:38 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fence-agents/+bug/1927004 is the new MIR bug

 14:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927004 in fence-agents (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fence-agents" [Undecided, New]

 14:38 <cpaelzer> and it waits on security

 14:38 <cpaelzer> thanks kanashiro !

 14:39 <cpaelzer> the tool can only find one

 14:39 <sarnold> any chance you've got a security mir monkey there? :)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> maybe I should dup the old MIR to the new one?

 14:39 <sarnold> worth a try

 14:39 <didrocks> sarnold: crickets it seems :p

 14:40 <cpaelzer> comment added and made a dup

 14:40 <sarnold> didrocks: oh well, guess I'll have to get back in the monkeysuit

 14:40 <cpaelzer> next week the coloring should be correct then

 14:40 <cpaelzer> all others sound like known issues

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <sarnold> \o/

 14:41 <didrocks> looks like a zen empty list :)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> have you talked last time about ledmon and egl-wayland updates ?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> egl-wayland sesm to be fine between ddstreet and the reporter - no action needed there

 14:43 <sarnold> I don't think so, no

 14:44 <cpaelzer> ledmon seems like a discussion between HWE and foundations to decide if they want to really kick it off

 14:44 <didrocks> I checked egl-wayland on the first meeting, indeed

 14:44 <cpaelzer> also no action by us IHO

 14:44 <cpaelzer> great - that leads us to

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:44 <sarnold> I'm out for next week's meeting

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thanks for letting us know sarnold

 14:44 <didrocks> just restating I will be away for 2 weeks, if you need anything from desktop, just ping seb128

 14:45 <cpaelzer> didrocks: you said you'll be out a while as well - next week already?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> will do didrocks

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I have one thing that I had in mind, I'd tried to come up with smart solution for the false-positives in the component mismatches

 14:45 <sarnold> oh nice

 14:45 <cpaelzer> but I failed by not being smart enough or actually by bein afraid once I realized I'd need to completely re-architect the core algorithm of germinate

 14:46 <sarnold> oh no

 14:46 <cpaelzer> what came to my mind now was maybe a more stupid but simple approach would be better

 14:46 <cpaelzer> that could be just keeping a list of "known cases" that are filtered out at some point

 14:46 * didrocks smells a blacklist :(

 14:46 <cpaelzer> bad name :-)

 14:46 <cpaelzer> but yeah that was my thought

 14:46 <didrocks> sure, let’s have it more marketingnish :)

 14:46 <cpaelzer> is that idea upsetting everyone so much to stay away from it?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> or does it sound like a pragmatic approach to you

 14:47 <didrocks> I don’t think we have any other good proposal anyway

 14:47 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:47 <didrocks> and we can’t scale it at some point

 14:47 <sarnold> no, I think even running results through grep -v would save us time in the future, so long as there's a note on the output about what exactly it's filtering out

 14:47 <didrocks> so… Let’s be pragmatic

 14:47 <sarnold> (and also, which script to edit to add to the list)

 14:47 <didrocks> I +1 anyway and better than the status-quo

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok, seems I'm not upsetting everyone with the thought then

 14:48 <cpaelzer> that is it from me for this week then

 14:48 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 14:48 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:48 <didrocks> nothing either

 14:48 <cpaelzer> ok closing out then, I assume ddstreet is busy in his other meeting

 14:49 <cpaelzer> bye

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)