== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 04 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:46 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-04-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/britney/+git/hints-ubuntu/+merge/397491   (xnox, 16:03)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:09.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:09)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:17)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 16:23)
 * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~jawn-smith/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-cloud/+merge/397452   (bdmurray, 16:37)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (52)
 * bdmurray (49)
 * juliank (26)
 * ubottu (26)
 * xnox (26)
 * rbalint (16)
 * slyon (15)
 * JawnSmith (14)
 * doko (13)
 * sil2100 (12)
 * waveform (11)
 * dbungert (10)
 * mclemenceau (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * tdaitx (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:04 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:01 <sil2100> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 16:01 <juliank> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> slyon bdmurray xnox doko vorlon jawnsmith rbalint dbungert waveform juliank tdaitx mwhudson sil2100

 16:01 <bdmurray> slyon:

 16:01 <slyon> - +1 Maintenance (Wed+Thu)

 16:01 <slyon> * autopkgtests, FTBFS, universe merges

 16:01 <slyon> * fixing iotjs on s390x

 16:01 <slyon> - Sponsored binutils for jawn-smith, bug #1889742

 16:01 <slyon> * bin-sync from sil2100's Bileto PPA

 16:01 <slyon> - Working on NetworkManager YAML backend implementation

 16:01 <slyon> * using new libnetplan API

 16:01 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1889742 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1889742). The error has been logged

 16:01 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:01 <slyon> - Triaged bug #1913062, prepared PR#188, needs review

 16:01 <slyon> - Triaged bug #1908944

 16:01 <slyon> - Investigated bug #1905273

 16:01 <slyon> - Uploaded netplan.io 0.101-0ubuntu5 for new systemd compatibility

 16:01 <slyon> (done)

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1913062 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan apply backtrace" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913062

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1908944 in netplan "Line number in route error is incorrect" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1908944

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1905273 in netplan "VLAN interface not added to bridge" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1905273

 16:02 <bdmurray> uploaded bcmwl backport fixing LP: #1872908

 16:02 <bdmurray> 20.04 HWE kernel investigation and messaging (discourse post etc)

 16:02 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1914091

 16:02 <bdmurray> uploaded apport for hirsute fixing LP: #1912326

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872908 in bcmwl (Ubuntu Focal) "bcmwl kernel module does not build with kernel version 5.6 or 5.8" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872908

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914091 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "OEM kernel removed during install, metapackage marked for removal in the target system" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914091

 16:02 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1912326 could not be found

 16:02 <bdmurray> reported / fixed a whoopsie bug with bionic servers (LP: #1914481)

 16:02 <bdmurray> discovered / fixed an issue retracing crashes in hirsute

 16:02 <bdmurray> deployed above changes to staging / production Error Trackers

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914481 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Groovy) "use the size of the data when determing the server response" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914481

 16:02 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:03 <xnox> 20.04.2 release fun

 16:03 <xnox> fixing subiquity images to have HWE kernels

 16:03 <xnox> fixing subiquity images to have the right pool

 16:03 <xnox> fixing ubuntu-drivers-common to have the right metas for the right nvidia

 16:03 <xnox> fixing ubiquity to remove the right nvidias when doing oem installs

 16:03 <xnox> riscv64 image is shiny too

 16:03 <xnox> grub2

 16:03 <xnox> fixing problems with grub on cloud images

 16:03 <xnox> fixing missing systemd-detect-virt

 16:03 <xnox> fixing grub not being installed into ESP, such that it will be upgraded later on

 16:03 <xnox> fixing missing postinst scripts in grub2-signed on arm64

 16:03 <xnox> working on grub2.04-signed backport to bionic

 16:03 <xnox> working with MAAS team to upgrade grub2, at least on amd64, to focal one

 16:03 <xnox> proposed-migration

 16:03 <xnox> need bambam hint merged please, such that we don't break things that use imagemagick with new glibc

 16:03 <xnox> https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/britney/+git/hints-ubuntu/+merge/397491

 16:03 <xnox> fixed socat ftbfs on amd64

 16:03 <xnox> done i think....

 16:03 <doko> just think, or done?

 16:04 <doko> - GCC 11 landing in -proposed

 16:04 <doko> - GCC 10 update

 16:04 <doko> - binutils 2.36 release

 16:04 <doko> - two +1 maintenance days, and finally openmpi migrated

 16:04 <doko> - OpenJDK 17 snapshot

 16:04 <doko> - started looking at universe merges, sent +1 proposal

 16:04 <xnox> done

 16:04 <doko> - wrote about LTO by default (wiki, mail)

 16:04 <doko> - glibc 2.33 snapshot testing

 16:04 <doko> (done)

 16:04 <vorlon> * SRU reviews

 16:04 <vorlon> * merges, and chasing autopkgtest regressions

 16:04 <vorlon> * new git is now unblocked, new xfsprogs is blocked by an MIR from June

 16:04 <vorlon> * community team maintenance tasks

 16:04 <vorlon> * risc-v discussions

 16:04 <vorlon> * reviewing proposed changes to popularity-contest

 16:04 <vorlon> * +1 maintenance today/tomorrow

 16:04 <vorlon> (done)

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1912371 MIR for flashrom

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in flashrom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1829401 Crash in software-properties when mirror is invalid

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1829401 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "gi.repository.GLib.GError: pk-client-error-quark: could not do untrusted question as no klass support" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829401

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1912718 Fixing regression where old kernel packages cannot be autoremoved by the GUI

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912718 in update-manager (Ubuntu Hirsute) "update-manager: clicks do not toggle checkboxes for "Remove old kernels"" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912718

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * Performing tests on point release iso

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * confirmed LP: #1231091

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1231091 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Screenreader starts, but does not work with installer (ubiquity) in live session" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1231091

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * Increase timeout of autopkgtest for software-properties

 16:04 <JawnSmith> [done]

 16:04 <rbalint> * filed LP: #1914062

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914062 in systemd (Ubuntu) "NetworkManager-wait-online.service in 1.28.0-2ubuntu1 fails to start in LXC" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914062

 16:04 <rbalint> * uploaded glibc 2.33-0ubuntu1

 16:05 <rbalint> * merged and testing systemd

 16:05 <rbalint> * glibc, systemd, unattended-upgrades bugs gardening

 16:05 <rbalint> (done)

 16:05 <dbungert> * New hire stuff

 16:05 <dbungert> * LP: #1913321 MIR for libiniparser1 off to MIR team

 16:05 <dbungert> * LP: #1706168 update-notifier feature to now show the prompt if the command we would run doesn't exist

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913321 in iniparser (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] iniparser (dependency of mtd-utils)" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913321

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1706168 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "dialog shouldn't be display if Command doesn't exist" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1706168

 16:05 <dbungert> * subiquity preseed compat: repo created, basic python package setup, WIP to learn preseed/autoinstall and figure out priority data mappings

 16:05 <dbungert> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:05 <waveform> * Checked liburi-perl in excuses (transient error)

 16:05 <waveform> * Finished GPIO investigations...

 16:05 <waveform> * looked into RPi.GPIO replacement, RPi.GPIO2 (no packaging, and too broken to be a viable replacement without considerable work)

 16:05 <waveform> * and liblgpio / librgpio (much more promising, but lots of packaging work needed, plus some other concerns like gpiozero)

 16:05 <waveform> * both libgpiod based, thankfully no work needed there (post-focal anyway)

 16:05 <waveform> * Investigated bluetooth detection issue on CM4 (pi-bluetooth update pushed upstream; need to add to local package)

 16:05 <vorlon> tdaitx: btw I'm currently reviewing popularity-contest diff in bileto, where do you want review feedback?

 16:05 <waveform> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> vorlon: in a telegram

 16:06 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:06 <juliank> * urgent update-manager fixes for .2 release back last friday:

 16:06 <juliank> - Revert previous change to UpdateList.py, as it breaks kernel -autoremoval (LP: #1912718)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912718 in update-manager (Ubuntu Hirsute) "update-manager: clicks do not toggle checkboxes for "Remove old kernels"" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912718

 16:06 <juliank> - UpdateManager/backend/__init__.py: Make commit_oem a no-op in the base  class to avoid crash when people force synaptic backend (LP: #1913732)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913732 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:NotImplementedError:<lambda>:on_button_install_clicked:start_install:_start_pane:start:commit_oem" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913732

 16:06 <juliank> * copied discourse post about phased updates in apt to mailing lists, responded to discussions

 16:06 <juliank> * replied to folks on reddit pointing them at the "dkms not in -security" bug and explaining they should upgrade

 16:06 <juliank> * discussion about bug 1914278

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1914278 in packagekit (Ubuntu) "discover is not removing unused kernels" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914278

 16:06 <juliank> * responded to debian bug about apt log file documentation

 16:06 <juliank> * verified that it's fixed and closed bug 1914426

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1914426 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:UnboundLocalError:<lambda>:on_button_install_clicked:start_install:_start_pane:start" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914426

 16:06 <juliank> * reassigned bug 1914416 to aptdaemon

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1914416 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:dbus.exceptions.DBusException(org.freedesktop.DBus.Error.TimedOut):activate_name_owner:get_name_owner:call_blocking:_inline_callbacks:_run_transaction_helper:get_aptdaemon:get_object:__init__:activate_name_owner:start_service_by_name:call_blocking" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914416

 16:06 <juliank> * uploaded gnu-efi 3.0.9-2 to Debian with a bunch of debian/* fixes, and moved maintainer to EFI team

 16:06 <juliank> * uploaded dh-autoreconf 20 to Debian which fixes a dependency cycle with debhelper

 16:06 <vorlon> bdmurray: a telegram that's been tucked into the pocket of some bluejeans?

 16:06 <juliank> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:07 <bdmurray> sil2100: how about you?

 16:08 <sil2100> - 20.04.2

 16:08 <sil2100> - ...which I am now finalizing for release

 16:08 <sil2100> - Thanks to everyone involved!

 16:08 <sil2100> - Some reviews for people

 16:08 <sil2100> - HWE meetings

 16:08 <sil2100> - Preparing some engineering estimates

 16:08 <sil2100> - + other stuff that I can summarize on the next meeting, because now .2

 16:08 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 <bdmurray> Any questions on status?

 16:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> bug 1231091

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1231091 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Screenreader starts, but does not work with installer (ubiquity) in live session" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1231091

 16:10 <bdmurray> JawnSmith: do you want to talk about this?

 16:10 <JawnSmith> Screen reader works fine for ubiquity if you don't drop to live session first, but after dropping to live session and restarting ubiquity screen reader cannot seem to read it

 16:11 <JawnSmith> Screen reader still works fine for other applications in live session, just not ubiquity

 16:11 <bdmurray> So you choose try ubuntu then start ubiquity again and it doesn't work?

 16:12 <xnox> because ubiquity is priviledged sudo process

 16:12 <JawnSmith> Correct. That is the scenario wherein screen reader stops working with ubiquity.

 16:12 <xnox> for which we prohibit the user-permissions-only screenreader

 16:12 <xnox> to read

 16:12 <xnox> as if ubiquity, when launched from live session should kill screenreader

 16:12 <xnox> and relaunch it

 16:12 <bdmurray> xnox: Can you comment on the bug then?

 16:14 <bdmurray> JawnSmith: Is there a test case which asks people to test this?

 16:14 <JawnSmith> Yes there is

 16:14 <JawnSmith> The one named Install (Screen Reader)

 16:14 <bdmurray> That sounds worth changing somehow then.

 16:15 <JawnSmith> If we remove the step to drop to live session and restart ubiquity the test would pass

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1914062

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1914062 in systemd (Ubuntu) "NetworkManager-wait-online.service in 1.28.0-2ubuntu1 fails to start in LXC" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914062

 16:16 <xnox> bdmurray:  done (re screenreader)

 16:16 <rbalint> upstream lxd and upstream system disagree how containers should look like

 16:16 <rbalint> please card it, i'll try to resolve that

 16:16 <bdmurray> okay, will card it

 16:17 <bdmurray> nothing for rls-gg

 16:17 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <mclemenceau> o/

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1571506

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1571506 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Hirsute) "update-initramfs should include firmware from /lib/firmware/updates" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571506

 16:20 <bdmurray> let's card that

 16:20 <mclemenceau> ok

 16:20 <mclemenceau> will do

 16:21 <bdmurray> bug 1914044

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1914044 in glibc (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] gstreamer fails with "cannot allocate memory in static TLS block" error on aarch64" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914044

 16:21 <rbalint> +1 need to sru it

 16:22 <bdmurray> is it already fixed in some releases?

 16:23 <rbalint> yes, in groovy and up

 16:23 <bdmurray> okay can you fix the default task then?

 16:23 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:23 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:24 <vorlon> python3-defaults is on me but I'd like to hand it off, the remaining autopkgtest regressions are strange and deep and I haven't had time to dig into them

 16:24 <vorlon> any volunteers?

 16:25 <bdmurray> So you are looking for a Dr Strange?

 16:25 <vorlon> bdmurray: heh

 16:25 <vorlon> (that's the mercurial and ubuntu-image test failures; siconos is an autopkgtest regression, I've just retriggered that one)

 16:25 <bdmurray> When does mwhudson get back?

 16:25 <mclemenceau> on the 9

 16:26 <vorlon> do we have anyone here who likes working on ubuntu-image and might have some cycles

 16:26 <waveform> well, the mercurial one is armhf only - I could have a crack at it (though I can't say I know anything about mercurial's guts)

 16:26 <sil2100> o/

 16:26 <mclemenceau> sounds like JawnSmith could take a peek at ubuntu-image

 16:26 <JawnSmith> o/ I'd be happy to

 16:27 <vorlon> waveform: when I looked into it the strange thing was that the mismatched error message in the log doesn't even match any strings in the source

 16:27 <vorlon> python3-defaults: JawnSmith

 16:27 <waveform> hmmm, intriguing

 16:29 <vorlon> pexpect: tdaitx: do you still have this one?

 16:29 <tdaitx> yeah, started looking at it yesterday night

 16:29 <vorlon> ok

 16:29 <vorlon> git is mine, just waiting on autopkgtest queues

 16:29 <rbalint> systemd is mint

 16:29 <rbalint> mine

 16:29 <juliank> linux mint

 16:29 <bdmurray> it'd be neat if waiting had days by it

 16:30 <vorlon> rbalint: I thought we previously triaged this as an NM issue for the desktop team to work on it?

 16:30 <juliank> debian edition

 16:30 <bdmurray> mint julep

 16:30 <juliank> nana

 16:30 <rbalint> vorlon, this is the lxd vs systemd upstream thing

 16:30 <doko> bdmurray: how would that help?

 16:30 <vorlon> rbalint: ok

 16:30 <rbalint> n-m just tries to use udev

 16:31 <vorlon> mtd-utils is an MIR; LP: #1913321 is assigned to the MIR team, I'm not sure why it's marked incomplete

 16:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913321 in iniparser (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] iniparser (dependency of mtd-utils)" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913321

 16:31 <vorlon> but seems no action for us right now

 16:31 <dbungert> vorlon: I think they have a concern about a redundant ini library

 16:31 <bdmurray> doko: well like with ipython - were the tests started recently?

 16:31 <vorlon> juliank: any concerns about libassuan?

 16:32 <juliank> it looks werid but I can have a look

 16:32 <vorlon> dbungert: can you follow up on the iniparser MIR bug to be sure?

 16:32 <dbungert> vorlon: on it

 16:34 <vorlon> bdmurray: you mentioned last week needing to do a software-properties upload and it now blocks a couple of packages on armhf, is this on your radar somehow?  (or if not, can you take it?)

 16:36 <bdmurray> vorlon: Yes, JawnSmith and I'll sort it out

 16:36 <vorlon> sounds like this needs autopkgtest-cloud overrides

 16:36 <juliank> what?

 16:37 <bdmurray> its a long test on armhf

 16:37 <juliank> I can do autopkgtest-cloud things

 16:37 <vorlon> sqlite3: sil2100?

 16:37 <sil2100> Ok o/

 16:37 <bdmurray> https://code.launchpad.net/~jawn-smith/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-cloud/+merge/397452

 16:37 <sil2100> I should have many more cycles now

 16:37 <vorlon> erlang vs sonic-pi, haven't we seen this one before? waveform ?

 16:38 <vorlon> dbungert: could you take libreadonly-perl?

 16:38 <waveform> yes - that one is very likely timing again - just having a look

 16:38 <slyon> I can look into libreadonly-perl, did some work on it during my +1 shift recently

 16:38 <dbungert> vorlon: yes

 16:38 <vorlon> waveform: thanks

 16:38 <vorlon> dbungert: ah I guess slyon will take libreadonly-perl

 16:38 <dbungert> OK

 16:38 <vorlon> dbungert: you can have open-iscsi

 16:38 <slyon> vorlon: dbungert: ack

 16:39 <vorlon> usbutils is a missing riscv64 build of libosinfo

 16:39 <vorlon> xnox: would you like this one?

 16:39 <dbungert> vorlon: OK for open-iscsi

 16:39 <vorlon> I'll take boost1.74

 16:40 <vorlon> kmod is my upload, I'll take that also

 16:40 <vorlon> libdatrie is a regression of the i386 cross autopkgtest, anyone want to try their hand at fixing one of those?

 16:40 <xnox> vorlon:  ok.

 16:42 <vorlon> rbalint: would you like to look at libdatrie?

 16:43 <rbalint> vorlon, i'll have everyhing reggressed with glibc 2.33 next week:-)

 16:43 <juliank> It's just some boring i386 crosstesting thingy

 16:43 <vorlon> then there's another string of packages that are my merges (e2fsprogs, systemd blocking iproute2, xfsprogs)

 16:43 <rbalint> vorlon, so i'd pass on that for now

 16:43 <vorlon> rbalint: ok

 16:43 <juliank> ah no

 16:43 <vorlon> doko: could you look at libdatrie/i386?

 16:43 <juliank> I want to look at libdatrie

 16:43 <vorlon> heh

 16:43 <vorlon> ok juliank gets libdatrie

 16:43 <doko> apt dependency?

 16:44 <juliank> I just read the code recently

 16:44 <vorlon> doko: could you take automake-1.16 blocking lzip?

 16:44 <doko> ok

 16:44 <vorlon> juliank: yeah but the failure is likely related to cross-test dependencies so unrelated to the code :)

 16:44 <vorlon> and I think we can stop there for this week

 16:44 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:44 <juliank> it's failing to find pkg-config lib

 16:44 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:44 <juliank> I'm out Fri and Mon

 16:44 <rbalint> i'll be out tomorrow

 16:44 <vorlon> juliank: yeah there are examples of how to do that, I can point you to an existing patch if you like

 16:45 <bdmurray> 20.04.2 will be out today!

 16:45 <waveform> I'll be out Tuesday morning next week

 16:45 <juliank> vorlon: sure, I'd appreciate that

 16:45 <vorlon> juliank: Debian bug #974171

 16:45 <ubottu> Debian bug 974171 in marisa "marisa: Please make autopkgtests cross-test-friendly" [Minor,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/974171

 16:46 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody

 16:46 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)