== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by sil2100, 29 Nov at 19:03 &mdash; 20:03 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-11-29-19.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:04.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2021-November/001822.html   (ddstreet, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet to handle "Making it easier for applicants to request special meeting times and/or applying by email"  (carried over)  (sil2100, 19:07)

=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:09.

 * '''William Wilson for core-dev (jawn-smith)'''  (sil2100, 19:09)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/jawn-smith/CoreDeveloperApplication   (sil2100, 19:09)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard   (jawn-smith, 19:46)
  * ''VOTE:'' Grant William 'jawn-smith' Wilson ubuntu-core-developer (Carried)  (sil2100, 19:53)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to add jawn-smith to core-dev  (sil2100, 19:54)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to announce jawn-smith's successful application  (sil2100, 19:54)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:55.

 * ''VOTE:'' Vote to change the existing 15:00 UTC meetings to 16:00 UTC (leaving the other, alterating ones as they are) (Carried)  (sil2100, 20:00)
 * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet to follow up on if we should change the 19:00 UTC meetings as well  (sil2100, 20:01)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:01.

 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to change the 15:00 UTC meeting times to 16:00 UTC (on Agenda and calendar)  (sil2100, 20:02)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-11-29-19.03.log.html#92|Grant William 'jawn-smith' Wilson ubuntu-core-developer]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: ddstreet, rbasak, sil2100, rafaeldtinoco
 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-11-29-19.03.log.html#136|Vote to change the existing 15:00 UTC meetings to 16:00 UTC (leaving the other, alterating ones as they are)]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: sil2100, ddstreet, rafaeldtinoco, rbasak



== Action items, by person ==

 * ddstreet
  * ddstreet to handle "Making it easier for applicants to request special meeting times and/or applying by email"  (carried over)
  * ddstreet to follow up on if we should change the 19:00 UTC meetings as well
 * jawn-smith
  * sil2100 to add jawn-smith to core-dev
  * sil2100 to announce jawn-smith's successful application
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to add jawn-smith to core-dev
  * sil2100 to announce jawn-smith's successful application
  * sil2100 to change the 15:00 UTC meeting times to 16:00 UTC (on Agenda and calendar)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (49)
 * jawn-smith (40)
 * rbasak (30)
 * meetingology (25)
 * ddstreet (19)
 * rafaeldtinoco (19)



== Full log ==


 19:03 <sil2100> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board meeting

 19:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:03:42 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:04 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:04 <sil2100> ddstreet to handle "Making it easier for applicants to request special meeting times and/or applying by email"

 19:04 <sil2100> I got lost in time and space, what's the status of that one? ddstreet ^ ?

 19:05 <ddstreet> i think that was started in email to the list, but few responses

 19:06 <ddstreet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2021-November/001822.html

 19:06 <sil2100> Ok, so let me take a look at that one and follow up myself, and carry over the item to the next meeting

 19:07 <sil2100> #action ddstreet to handle "Making it easier for applicants to request special meeting times and/or applying by email"  (carried over)

 19:07 * meetingology ddstreet to handle "Making it easier for applicants to request special meeting times and/or applying by email"  (carried over)

 19:07 <sil2100> Guess we could rename the item, but it's too late now! ;)

 19:07 <ddstreet> i believe myself, rbasak, and rafaeldtinoco have provided opinion to either my email or the original one (linked to in my email)

 19:07 <ddstreet> so yeah if you (and anyone else interested) can review and respond would be great

 19:08 <rafaeldtinoco> I did, I'm +1 of having votes by email by default

 19:08 <rafaeldtinoco> and having the meeting if specifically requested

 19:08 <sil2100> One more item to make sure that it's done is that I handled all Simon's MOTU permissions and announcements, so I'll scratch him off the agenda

 19:08 <sil2100> Ok, I'll throw my 5 cents there then as well

 19:09 <sil2100> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 19:09 <sil2100> #subtopic William Wilson for core-dev (jawn-smith)

 19:09 <jawn-smith> o/

 19:09 <sil2100> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/jawn-smith/CoreDeveloperApplication

 19:10 <sil2100> I think jawn-smith already introduced himself last time, but not sure if everyone was present - could you give us a quick re-introduction?

 19:10 <jawn-smith> Absolutely!

 19:11 <jawn-smith> I'm William Wilson, and I'm applying for core-dev. I live in Dallas, TX, and have been on the Foundations team since early January.

 19:11 <jawn-smith> Since my last application I have taken some actions to improve my ability to contribute to Ubuntu as a core-dev.

 19:12 <jawn-smith> The most actionable feedback I received was to get more SRU experience. You will see in my application that I have worked on some SRU patches and filling out the templates.

 19:12 <rafaeldtinoco> and you got 2 recent shifts in +1 maintenance (good)

 19:13 <jawn-smith> As for the feedback about working with non foundations team members, I have worked with till-kamppeter a bit on some of the SRUs, and have frequently asked for reviews in #ubuntu-devel

 19:13 <jawn-smith> I've also been reading documentation and have finished the Go 1.17 transition.

 19:14 <rbasak> o/

 19:14 <rbasak> I found the previous meeting logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-09-20-15.01.log.html

 19:14 <sil2100> Okay, questions?

 19:15 <rafaeldtinoco> rbasak: thank you, very helpful

 19:15 <rbasak> I'd basically like to ask the same questions I did last time, but I'd like to save us the trouble of jumping through the same hoops while I restate the same questions, etc.

 19:15 <rbasak> So jawn-smith, I wonder if you'd like to elaborate/amend your previous answers for me, please?

 19:16 <rbasak> Let's start with transitions. How would you identify that a transition might be triggered before an upload?

 19:16 <jawn-smith> Sure thing!

 19:17 <jawn-smith> Some packages are very obvious that they may cause a transition, such as toolchain packages, openSSL, etc. Beyond that, I would check a few things to identify if a transition might be triggered:

 19:18 <jawn-smith> 1) if the new package upload changes an ABI without change in API

 19:19 <jawn-smith> 2) if the new package upload includes a change of ABI and API

 19:19 <jawn-smith> 3) if the package itself has many reverse build dependencies, it would be worthwhile to do some rebuilds against the new package in a PPA to identify if there are ABI/API changes that hadn't already been noticed

 19:21 <rbasak> Let's use openssl as a concrete example. What's the key thing to look for in openssl, before you upload it, that would confirm that a transition will occur - in the common case?

 19:22 <rbasak> (by common case I mean that you can assume that everything is being done properly by upstream and by the Debian packager, etc, so you don't need to consider weird cases)

 19:23 <jawn-smith> OpenSSL v3 has a number of API/ABI changes. If you look at changes in the header files you will notice that quite a few of the functions in OpenSSL v2 have been removed altogether.

 19:24 <jawn-smith> In addition, and probably the most obvious thing to check is that the names of libraries have changed

 19:24 <rbasak> I'm asking for the key thing you can identify just by looking at the source package and the build of the source package, without any need to look deeper into the source.

 19:24 <rbasak> "names of libraries have changed" is close. Can you be more specific?

 19:25 <jawn-smith> Ah I think I understand. The packages themselves that are produced by the new openssl would be different. For example, a new openssl may no longer produce libopenssl1.1-dev, and will instead produce libopenssl3-dev

 19:25 <rbasak> You're thinking along the right lines.

 19:26 <jawn-smith> Seeing that those packages had changed would imply that the shared libraries had changed as well

 19:27 <rbasak> What about a different source package where the -dev package name isn't versioned. Consider some model library package src:foo that ships libfoo-dev. AFter a transition, it'd still ship libfoo-dev. What else can you look at to determine that a transition will occur?

 19:27 <jawn-smith> which would indicate that a transition would be likely

 19:30 <jawn-smith> Trying to make sure I understand the question correctly

 19:32 <jawn-smith> in this case, libfoo-dev doesn't change version numbers, but can I assume that src:foo also produces binary packages?

 19:33 <rbasak> Right

 19:35 <jawn-smith> So in the case of openssl again there is libssl1.1 that becomes deprecated for libopenssl3, which would indicate a change in runtime dependencies (rather than build dependencies) that could trigger a transition

 19:35 <jawn-smith> s/libopenssl3/libssl3

 19:35 <rafaeldtinoco> jawn-smith: are you aware on how code relocation works and symbols versioning ?

 19:36 <rafaeldtinoco> what can you tell on top of what rbasak is asking, with that in mind.

 19:36 <jawn-smith> So assuming src:foo previously built libfoo1, if it suddently built libfoo1.1 I would know that a transition would be triggered

 19:38 <sil2100> jawn-smith: when you're done with other questions, can you tell me what kind of work did you do on the golang-1.17 transition?

 19:39 <rbasak> Thanks. I'm done with my question about transitions, but I have further questions when rafaeldtinoco and sil2100 are done on this topic.

 19:39 <jawn-smith> rafaeldtinoco: I feel I have a general understanding, that when creating position-independent executables a symbols table is needed to point to the correct runtime addresses.

 19:40 <rafaeldtinoco> great, feel free to move to sil2100's question please

 19:41 <jawn-smith> sil2100: for the Go 1.17 transition I was aware that it would trigger a transition, so I created a PPA with golang-defaults pointing to Go 1.17

 19:42 <jawn-smith> I then created another PPA that had a dependency on my golang-defaults 1.17 PPA

 19:42 <jawn-smith> I used the ubuntu-archive-tools to copy every package that appeared in `reverse-depends -b src:golang-defaults`

 19:43 <jawn-smith> Thereby rebuilding all of the golang packages against Go 1.17.

 19:43 <jawn-smith> I then created a list of all of the packages that had build/test failures with Go 1.17, and compared it to the list of packages that were experiencing build/test failures with Go 1.16

 19:44 <jawn-smith> I determined that the number of new failures was very small and only affected universe packages, and nothing critical.

 19:45 <jawn-smith> I then had a core-dev sponsor golang-defaults 1.17 for me, and worked on fixing some of the new build/test failures in universe packages as part of my +1 maintenance shifts

 19:45 <sil2100> jawn-smith: ok, thanks o/

 19:45 <jawn-smith> I believe rbasak had some more questions :)

 19:45 <rbasak> OK so my next question from last time was about disagreements. What's the appropriate escalation point to use if multiple Ubuntu uploaders to a particular package have a disagreement and have been unable to reach consensus on a particular technical point following discussion?

 19:46 <jawn-smith> The Ubuntu technical board

 19:46 <jawn-smith> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard

 19:46 <rbasak> Great :)

 19:46 <sil2100> ;)

 19:47 <rbasak> OK, finally, on seeds. libx11-6 is a package needed to run a desktop environment, but I don't think it appears in the desktop seed. Why not?

 19:47 <jawn-smith> Because seeds expand recursively to include their dependencies

 19:47 <jawn-smith> meaning that some other package in the desktop seed would depend on libx11-6

 19:48 <jawn-smith> maybe not directly, but there would be a chain of dependencies from a package in the desktop seed to libx11-6

 19:49 <rbasak> OK. And when the release team say that the archive is in freeze for seeded packages, but unseeded packages can still be uploaded, then how would you identify if a particular package is seeded or unseeded?

 19:49 <jawn-smith> I would use the command line tool `seeded-in-ubuntu`

 19:49 <rbasak> Great!

 19:50 <rbasak> Thank you for your patience! I have no further questions.

 19:50 <sil2100> Any other questions?

 19:50 <rafaeldtinoco> nope

 19:50 <sil2100> ddstreet: ?

 19:50 <ddstreet> no q

 19:51 <sil2100> #vote Grant William 'jawn-smith' Wilson ubuntu-core-developer

 19:51 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant William 'jawn-smith' Wilson ubuntu-core-developer

 19:51 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 19:51 <ddstreet> +1 already voted on mailing list

 19:51 <meetingology> +1 already voted on mailing list received from ddstreet

 19:51 <rbasak> +1 thank you for reapplying!

 19:51 <meetingology> +1 thank you for reapplying! received from rbasak

 19:51 <sil2100> +1

 19:51 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:52 <rafaeldtinoco> +1 nice to have you applying. very nice that you have addressed things that were asked to you in the previous application. please make sure to always contribute in other places (rather than foundational packages only).

 19:52 <meetingology> +1 nice to have you applying. very nice that you have addressed things that were asked to you in the previous application. please make sure to always contribute in other places (rather than foundational packages only). received from rafaeldtinoco

 19:52 <rbasak> FTR, libfoo1 -> libfoo1.1 would be quite unusual, though I appreciate that openssl is an example of that unusual-ness. Normally a corresponding soname would remain at libfoo1 for 1.1, shipping a libfoo.so.1 -> libfoo.so.1.1 and adding new features while maintaining ABI.

 19:53 <sil2100> I obviously endorsed jawn-smith as we're closly working together, but I also know that even if in doubt about anyting, William will never be afraid to ask for guidance

 19:53 <sil2100> #endvote

 19:53 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant William 'jawn-smith' Wilson ubuntu-core-developer

 19:53 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 19:53 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:53 <sil2100> jawn-smith: congratulations!

 19:53 <rafaeldtinoco> jawn-smith: welcome to the team

 19:53 <rbasak> Congratulations!

 19:53 <jawn-smith> woohoo! Thank you everyone!

 19:54 <ddstreet> congrats!

 19:54 <sil2100> I'll take the action item to add jawn-smith to the team, so that we can now put more reposibilities on his shoulders - I'm pretty sure he's very happy about that!

 19:54 <sil2100> ;)

 19:54 <rafaeldtinoco> =)

 19:54 <jawn-smith> I sure am!

 19:54 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to add jawn-smith to core-dev

 19:54 * meetingology sil2100 to add jawn-smith to core-dev

 19:54 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to announce jawn-smith's successful application

 19:54 * meetingology sil2100 to announce jawn-smith's successful application

 19:55 <sil2100> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:55 <rafaeldtinoco> wasn't there another application ?

 19:55 <jawn-smith> I think that's for a future meeting

 19:55 <sil2100> rafaeldtinoco: no, I think Paride is set for the next meeting

 19:55 <rafaeldtinoco> ah ok, my bad

 19:55 <rafaeldtinoco> (damn, I read all his application as well, ready for the next one I guess)

 19:55 <rafaeldtinoco> =o)

 19:56 <sil2100> Anyway, as for ML requests, I suppose there's no immediate actions here, I certainly need to follow up on the one re: application via e-mail

 19:56 <ddstreet> in the agenda wiki page, the quorum rule ML item is done

 19:57 <ddstreet> but i'd like to ask for a vote on the DMB meeting day/time change, at least 'part 1' of it?

 19:57 <sil2100> ACK, and about the new meeting time, are we still waiting on some DMB members to state their availability?

 19:57 <sil2100> Ah, we didn't vote yet?

 19:57 <ddstreet> no we've got that (mostly), the proposal is to change the existing meetings that are at 15:00 UTC to 16:00 UTC, leaving the 19:00 UTC meetings unchanged

 19:58 <sil2100> Ok, let's vote in that case

 19:58 <sil2100> #vote Vote to change the existing 15:00 UTC meetings to 16:00 UTC (leaving the other, alterating ones as they are)

 19:58 <meetingology> Please vote on: Vote to change the existing 15:00 UTC meetings to 16:00 UTC (leaving the other, alterating ones as they are)

 19:58 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 19:58 <rbasak> One question - have we identified who that will actually benefit?

 19:58 <sil2100> +1

 19:58 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:58 <ddstreet> +1

 19:58 <meetingology> +1 received from ddstreet

 19:59 <rbasak> IOW, are there members who prefer this change and expect to be able to make more meetings?

 19:59 <ddstreet> rbasak i know rafaeldtinoco should benefit from the adjustment, at least

 19:59 <rafaeldtinoco> +1

 19:59 <meetingology> +1 received from rafaeldtinoco

 19:59 <ddstreet> all the specific details of who wants what times are in the ML thread

 20:00 <rbasak> rafaeldtinoco: ^ can you confirm that please? I just want to make sure there's no confusion and someone will actually benefit from the change.

 20:00 <rafaeldtinoco> rbasak: yes, with this change Ill be able to join 2x more meetings (likely)

 20:00 <rbasak> Great! In that case...

 20:00 <rbasak> +1

 20:00 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 20:00 <rafaeldtinoco> thanks rbasak !

 20:00 <sil2100> #endvote

 20:00 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Vote to change the existing 15:00 UTC meetings to 16:00 UTC (leaving the other, alterating ones as they are)

 20:00 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 20:00 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:00 <rbasak> And thanks again to ddstreet for organising rescheduling.

 20:00 <ddstreet> sure, np

 20:00 <rafaeldtinoco> +1 on ddstreet organizing the discussion

 20:00 <sil2100> ;)

 20:01 <ddstreet> and there was some discussion on the list about whether we should move the 19:00 meetings too, can you add an action item for me to follow up on that on the ML?

 20:01 <sil2100> Ok, is this enough votes for us to change the schedule in that case? I suppose I can change the agenda then

 20:01 <rbasak> Yes 4 is enough.

 20:01 <rbasak> (it's an absolute majority)

 20:01 <sil2100> #action ddstreet to follow up on if we should change the 19:00 UTC meetings as well

 20:01 * meetingology ddstreet to follow up on if we should change the 19:00 UTC meetings as well

 20:01 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 20:01 <sil2100> Ok, since we're past our time, any other business?

 20:02 <ddstreet> sil2100 do you want to add an action for yourself to adjust the agenda mtg times?

 20:02 <ddstreet> on the agenda page i mean

 20:02 <sil2100> I wanted to just do this straight after the meeting

 20:02 <sil2100> But maybe an action item won't hurt

 20:02 <ddstreet> ack good enough

 20:02 <ddstreet> either way :)

 20:02 <sil2100> ...just in case I get abducted right after the meeting

 20:02 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to change the 15:00 UTC meeting times to 16:00 UTC (on Agenda and calendar)

 20:02 * meetingology sil2100 to change the 15:00 UTC meeting times to 16:00 UTC (on Agenda and calendar)

 20:03 <sil2100> Going once...

 20:03 <sil2100> Going twice...

 20:03 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)