== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 07 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-01-07-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 16:00.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===
The discussion about "Release Incoming Bugs" started at 16:26.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:39.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (44)
 * vorlon (42)
 * ubottu (16)
 * tdaitx (16)
 * slyon (14)
 * doko (14)
 * xnox (12)
 * rbalint (11)
 * juliank (10)
 * waveform (8)
 * sil2100 (8)
 * JawnSmith (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan  7 16:00:21 2021 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <rbalint> o/

 16:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:00 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith)

 16:00 <sil2100> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> mwhudson juliank doko rbalint vorlon sil2100 bdmurray tdaitx jawnsmith waveform slyon xnox

 16:01 <bdmurray> juliank: it's your turn

 16:01 <juliank> I'm finishing apt features for 2.2 (phased updates, more patterns, new kernel autoremover)

 16:01 <juliank> Some discussions about grub +  oem stuff

 16:01 <juliank> and that's it

 16:01 <juliank> (done)

 16:02 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:02 <doko> - two days +1 maintenance

 16:02 <doko> - test rebuilds, communicated results

 16:02 <doko> - no progress towards outstanding test rebuilds this week, buildds busy

 16:02 <doko> - analyzing ftbfs for the gcc-11 test rebuild, reducing and forwarding upstream

 16:02 <doko> - looking at LLVM 11 regression on armhf

 16:02 <doko> - started to analyze issues with the lto test rebuild

 16:02 <doko> - testing and reporting GCC 11 build issues on armhf, amd64 and s390x.

 16:02 <doko> (done)

 16:03 <rbalint> * opened LP: #1910222

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1910222 in Auto Package Testing "https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/<package name> is really slow" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1910222

 16:03 <rbalint> * hints with bugs for false glibc-triggered regressions

 16:03 <rbalint> * proposed a solution for LP: #1627564 which got reported again against unattended-upgrades

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1627564 in debconf (Ubuntu) "Debconf crash due to assertion failure in ensure_surface_for_gicon [gtkiconhelper.c:493] (when png loader is missing/during upgrades)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1627564

 16:03 <rbalint> (done)

 16:03 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:03 <vorlon> * happy new year!

 16:03 <vorlon> * some SRU reviews

 16:03 <vorlon> * doing various TIL merges

 16:03 <vorlon> * +1 maintenance today/tomorrow

 16:03 <vorlon> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> sil2100: tell us everything you've done in 1 day

 16:04 <sil2100> Ah!

 16:04 <sil2100> Yes, just got back, so reading backlog, adjusting to the new reality and SRU reviews + releases

 16:05 <sil2100> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> bdmurray:

 16:05 <bdmurray> discussed cassandra deletion of EoL releases RT with IS

 16:05 <bdmurray> uploaded tzdata 2020f for Hirsute and SRUs (LP: #1909698)

 16:05 <bdmurray> verified the above SRUs

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1909698 in tzdata (Ubuntu) "new upstream release 2020f" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1909698

 16:05 <bdmurray> working on Error Tracker upgrade to Bionic

 16:05 <bdmurray> researched LP: #1908147, submitted a charmhelper PR to fix it

 16:05 <bdmurray> mentoring a new team member

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1908147 in Charm Helpers "cassandra charm fails to deploy on Ubuntu 18.04" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1908147

 16:05 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:05 <tdaitx> * Updated openjdk to 8u282-b07 and 11.0.10+8

 16:05 <tdaitx> - aarch64 repo outdated on 8u282-b03 (b04 update only happened this morning)

 16:05 <tdaitx> - some zero/aarch64 updates got to 8u282 upstream, adjusted patches

 16:05 <tdaitx> * investigated bug 1903929 (default-jdk/-jre rev-deps triggering autopkgtests for other openjdk uploads)

 16:05 <tdaitx> - some only trigger for openjdk-8 and openjdk-11

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1903929 in britney "openjdk-8 uploads trigger swi-prolog, fdroidserver, and libreoffice autopkgtests unnecessarily" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903929

 16:05 <tdaitx> - all of them install and run using openjdk-11 (the default-jdk) even when triggered by an openjdk-14/-15/-16 upload

 16:05 <tdaitx> * catching up emails

 16:05 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:05 <tdaitx> - +1 maintenance this Monday/Tuesday, let me know if there's something I should focus on in particular

 16:05 <tdaitx> - got 80+ avg load trying to build 2 openjdk pkgs simultaneously, definitely not enough ram for that

 16:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> trying to deploy the mojo spec locally is no fun either

 16:06 <bdmurray> JawnSmith:

 16:06 <xnox> UTF-8 allowed

 16:07 <JawnSmith> Working on LP: #1902025

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1902025 in update-manager (Ubuntu Hirsute) "hwe kernel not scoped under "Ubuntu Base"" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902025

 16:07 <JawnSmith> New hire stuff

 16:07 <JawnSmith> Created merge proposal

 16:07 <JawnSmith> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:07 <tdaitx> new hire -> drinking from the firehose

 16:07 <waveform> * Happy new lockdown^Wyear!

 16:07 <waveform> * Another u-boot fix (LP: #1910094)

 16:07 <waveform> * Re-based SRUs for LP: #1906552 and LP: #1906551 and cherry-picked above fix onto them

 16:07 <waveform> * Investigating netplan issue on first boot of pi focal image

 16:07 <waveform> * Various Pi planning meetings

 16:07 <waveform> (done)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1910094 in snap-core18 "uboot fails to save env after core18 refresh" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1910094

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906552 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) ""Synchronous Abort" handler and reboot loop on rpi" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906552

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906552 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "duplicate for #1906551 "Synchronous Abort" handler and reboot loop on rpi" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906552

 16:08 <slyon> - First +1 maintenance shift (Wed+Thu)

 16:08 <slyon> * getting into the tasks, reading docs

 16:08 <slyon> * triggered some version=unknown tests

 16:08 <slyon> - Fixed epubcheck FTBFS, forwarded to Debian

 16:08 <slyon> - Fixed s390-tools FTBFS, forwarded upstream, bug #1907789

 16:08 <slyon> - Investigated iotjs s390x FTBFS, bug reported upstream

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1907789 in s390-tools (Ubuntu) "2.35.50 breaks ld -no-pie" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907789

 16:08 <slyon> - Adopted netplan.io tests for new openvswitch

 16:08 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:08 <slyon> - Reviewed & Merged PR#180 (docs update), bug #1909114

 16:08 <slyon> - Fixed wifi hotspot mode for legacy nms-netplan-plugin

 16:08 <slyon> - Working on new NetworkManager backend & keyfile fallback

 16:08 <slyon> - Working on SRU verification for Groovy & Focal, bug #1908509

 16:08 <slyon> (done)

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1909114 in netplan "wakeonlan with networkd requires MAC address explicitly otherwise it will be ignored" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1909114

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1908509 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Groovy) "[SRU] Update to netplan.io 0.101" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1908509

 16:08 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:08 <xnox> ðŸŽ† ðŸŽ‡ ðŸŽ† Happy new year ðŸŽ† ðŸŽ‡ ðŸŽ†

 16:08 <xnox> uploading FTBFS for boost transition

 16:08 <xnox> grub2 migrated in hirsute, building/testing all the things for it (cd-boot-images, cloud-images, stuck ubuntu-cdimage, etc)

 16:08 <xnox> working on u-boot SRUs for all the things (mostly sponsoring)

 16:08 <xnox> more grub2 srus to do

 16:08 <xnox> done

 16:09 <tdaitx> I don't have the right font for that utf-8

 16:09 <bdmurray> Any questions on status?

 16:09 <bdmurray> we are going to switch things up and look at proposed migration first

 16:09 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:10 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <vorlon> lintian: blocked by MIR on discount still

 16:10 <vorlon> mclemenceau: did you want to give any update on that?

 16:10 <vorlon> gpgme1.0 has revdep autopkgtest regressions.  bdmurray, can you take?

 16:11 <bdmurray> yes

 16:11 <vorlon> pyparted has revdep autopkgtest regressions. xnox: ?

 16:11 <xnox> yes

 16:12 <vorlon> openssl, x11vnc autopkgtest regression; rbalint anything special about getting this to pass for glibc?

 16:12 <rbalint> vorlon, will look at those

 16:13 <vorlon> rbalint: ok - I did just retrigger fwiw

 16:13 <rbalint> vorlon, i'm working upwards from focal's glibc :-)

 16:13 <vorlon> python-apt vs u-r-u: juliank is this still you?

 16:13 <juliank> I need to give u-r-u another round of fixes

 16:13 <juliank> yes

 16:13 <vorlon> ok

 16:13 <vorlon> devscripts regresses its own autopkgtests. sil2100: ?

 16:14 <rbalint> vorlon, it is on my plate

 16:14 <vorlon> rbalint: devscripts is?

 16:14 <rbalint> vorlon, yes, carded

 16:15 <vorlon> ok

 16:15 <vorlon> cmake vs lucene++: sil2100: ?

 16:15 * sil2100 dodged a bullet

 16:15 <sil2100> ...or not

 16:15 <sil2100> Ok o/

 16:15 <sil2100> ;)

 16:15 <vorlon> python-cups vs cups: doko: ?

 16:16 <vorlon> init-system-helpers is libpod again, so maybe it makes sense for bdmurray to take this one in addition to gpgme1.0

 16:16 <vorlon> libjsoncpp is a transition; I'll look at this as part of +1 maintenance

 16:16 <bdmurray> okay

 16:16 <doko> vorlon: sorry, not this week

 16:17 <doko> can try on Monday

 16:17 <vorlon> doko: Monday is fine

 16:17 <vorlon> glibc: rbalint, you're working through this?  do you want to delegate any of these to someone else?

 16:18 <rbalint> vorlon, no, i'm fine with those, thanks

 16:18 <vorlon> ok

 16:18 <vorlon> libdaemon listed there is actually me causing an autopkgtest progression by fixing i386 (oops), retriggering

 16:19 <vorlon> libsigsegv: slyon?

 16:19 <slyon> vorlon: sure!

 16:19 <vorlon> debhelper: tdaitx?

 16:19 <tdaitx> vorlon: ack

 16:19 <doko> vorlon: no, just ignore

 16:19 <vorlon> doko: ignore debhelper?

 16:20 <doko> dh-python

 16:20 <vorlon> ok

 16:20 <vorlon> tdaitx: glib2.0, then?

 16:20 <tdaitx> heh, ok

 16:21 <vorlon> erlang vs sonic-pi: it has pi in the name, so, waveform ?

 16:21 <waveform> vorlon, heh - okay

 16:21 <vorlon> :)

 16:21 <rbalint> acpi

 16:21 <vorlon> doko: is python3-stdlib-extensions vs python3.8 something that needs looked at, or are you handling?

 16:21 <vorlon> rbalint: hahaha

 16:22 <doko> needs removal. will have a look

 16:22 <vorlon> doko: ta

 16:22 <vorlon> doko: what about python3-defaults?

 16:23 <vorlon> tcltk-defaults falls to rbalint (x11vnc)

 16:23 <doko> could somebody else look at the triggered tests?

 16:23 <vorlon> ok I'll look at python3-defaults

 16:23 <vorlon> acl vs burp: JawnSmith would you like to take one of these this week?

 16:24 <vorlon> acl: JawnSmith

 16:24 <JawnSmith> sure

 16:24 <vorlon> and there are 3 others above the cutline but I believe everyone has at least one so I'll stop there

 16:25 <bdmurray> Thanks vorlon

 16:26 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:26 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:27 <bdmurray> bug 1799550

 16:27 <ubottu> bug 1799550 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "No way to encrypt at partition level (dual boot) " [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1799550

 16:30 <vorlon> doesn't really fit the roadmap for hirsute to work on this

 16:31 <bdmurray> okay, so we'll tag it rls-hh-notfixing

 16:32 <bdmurray> bug 1907228

 16:32 <ubottu> bug 1907228 in python-certbot-dns-rfc2136 (Ubuntu) "dnspython is outdated, causes other packages fail in tests" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907228

 16:32 <bdmurray> there's already a card for this so it just needs targetting I guess

 16:33 <bdmurray> the same with the whoopsie bug

 16:33 <bdmurray> bug 1910255

 16:33 <ubottu> bug 1910255 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu Groovy) "autopkgtest fails due to an expired certificate" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1910255

 16:34 <bdmurray> so because there is an ubuntu diff we'll need to merge the new gnutls28 correct?

 16:34 <xnox> i can do gnutls thing

 16:34 <bdmurray> okay, do you want a card for it?

 16:35 <juliank> gnutls 3.7.0-5 is ready for merging now :)

 16:36 <xnox> yes.

 16:36 <bdmurray> okay, I'll make it

 16:36 <xnox> i don't trust them >_< =)

 16:36 <bdmurray> bug 1907850

 16:36 <ubottu> bug 1907850 in apt (Ubuntu) "Cache not generated for all translations" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907850

 16:36 <juliank> Oh yeah, wanna take

 16:36 <xnox> plus it was RC buggy a bit in debian, not sure if that was resolved. including symbols versions.....

 16:36 <juliank> It's supposed to work

 16:36 <juliank> xnox: I'm happy with the gnutls update now, but it took a while to get there :)

 16:37 <bdmurray> It looks like there is already a card so it just needs targetting.

 16:37 <bdmurray> Nothing for rls-gg

 16:38 <tdaitx> waveform: vorlon: oh, I investigated sonic-pi in the past, it fails with XRUNs in jackd in our infra, but passes on debian... I tried giving it more buffer and some other jackd tricks, but it didn't go away completely (just less likely), the way it is setup it is highly dependent on infra load and ours is usually pretty loaded up... only thing I didn't try was to try letting it schedule jackd with realtime prio

 16:39 <waveform> tdaitx, I had a feeling it might be something like that (sonic-pi is verrrry timing sensitive, unsurprisingly)

 16:39 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:39 <bdmurray> Any thing else?

 16:40 <bdmurray> Alright thanks everybody!

 16:40 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)