== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 24 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:26 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-06-24-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:08)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:18)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:19.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:25.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (52)
 * slyon (16)
 * waveform (16)
 * ubottu (14)
 * doko (12)
 * jawn-smith (12)
 * juliank (10)
 * mclemenceau (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:35 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert)

 15:02 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:02 <bdmurray> slyon bdmurray dbungert vorlon doko jawnsmith juliank sil2100 mwhudson waveform

 15:02 <slyon> - Interviews & Take-home tests

 15:02 <slyon> - Investigation of IBM systemd/vlan issue, bug #1929657

 15:02 <slyon> * requested more information & testing as I cannot reproduce

 15:02 <slyon> - Investigation of armhf-autopkgtest systemd issue, bug #1931088

 15:02 <slyon> * can reproduce locally, found workarounds, trying to isolate root-cause

 15:02 <slyon> - sponsored zhmcclient, bug #1919451

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 1931088 in systemd (Ubuntu Impish) "boot-and-services tests fails in impish on armhf (248.3)" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931088

 15:02 <slyon> - sync'ed baycomepp after my patch was applied in Debian, bug #1925212

 15:02 <slyon> - sync'ed iwd for version bump to 0.15 after discussions with Intel

 15:02 <slyon> - packaged new zziplib upstream version in Debian (python2-rm)

 15:02 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:02 <slyon> - merged new YAML generator backend, PR#211

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 1925212 in baycomepp (Ubuntu) "FTBFS with GCC-11" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925212

 15:02 <slyon> - cleaned up new NM Keyfile parser, ready for review, PR#212

 15:02 <slyon> (done)

 15:02 <bdmurray> uploaded lto-disabled-list for waveform (LP: #1931881)

 15:02 <bdmurray> merged bryce's britney hints for devel (x2)

 15:02 <bdmurray> added delve to big_packages for amd64, arm64 (passed)

 15:02 <bdmurray> added opensaml to big_packages for arm64 (passed)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1931881 in lto-disabled-list (Ubuntu) "Change golang-github-mattn-go-sqlite3 to any arch" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931881

 15:03 <bdmurray> special SRU release of grub2-signed grub2-unsigned (X, B)

 15:03 <bdmurray> updated H release notes regarding status of upgrades from G

 15:03 <bdmurray> sent Groovy EoL reminder email

 15:03 <bdmurray> email to ubuntu-dev regarding pylibtiff / import-bug-from-debian

 15:03 <bdmurray> conversations regarding SRU policy changes

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted livecd-rootfs changes for a preinstalled image project

 15:03 <bdmurray> worked on a patch for LP: #1916651

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1916651 in base-passwd (Ubuntu Hirsute) "asks about irc user home directory during upgrade" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916651

 15:03 <bdmurray> worked with legal regarding a data deletion request

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted an MP for ubuntu-archive-scripts and generate-team-p-m

 15:03 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:03 <bdmurray> dan is out

 15:03 <bdmurray> vorlon is out

 15:03 <bdmurray> so doko!

 15:03 <doko> let me go last ...

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in go:

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * back up to 100% code coverage

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * working on state machine logic

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * RISC-V

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * u-boot now loading the kernel in focal, still an issue reading EEPROM

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1927078 disallow fully numeric usernames - still under discussion

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927078 in shadow (Ubuntu Impish) "Don't allow useradd to use fully numeric names" [Low, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927078

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * Plus-one maintenance

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1931955 fix FTBFS in micropython

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1931955 in micropython (Debian) "1.14+ds-1 is FTBFS on arm64, riscv64, s390x" [Unknown, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931955

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1930776 fix compatibility with go 1.16 in golang-github-nicksnyder-go-i18n.v2

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930776 in golang-github-nicksnyder-go-i18n.v2 (Debian) "failing test with golang 1.16" [Unknown, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930776

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * Patch submitted upstream as well, and was accepted

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1930772 pull in upstream compatibility with go 1.16 for golang-github-prometheus-common

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930772 in golang-github-prometheus-common (Debian) "currently FTBFS due to TestTLSConfig" [Unknown, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930772

 15:04 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:04 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:04 <juliank> * uploaded shim to impish, hirsute, xenial

 15:04 <juliank> * verified apt SRUs

 15:04 <juliank> * reviewed 2 shim submissions from Debian, 1 from SUSE Expanded support

 15:04 <juliank> * discussed fwupd vs shim 15.4 w/ oem and desktop

 15:04 <juliank> * looked at outstanding shim pull requests

 15:04 <juliank> * got an APT http bug on IRC that was easy to find fix for, need to commit though

 15:04 <juliank> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> sil2100 is out

 15:05 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:05 <waveform> * Uploaded newer rpi-eeprom to unblock proposed (LP: #1931552); removed linux-firmware-raspi2 dep

 15:05 <waveform> * Fixed up colorzero after RFS reviews, now in Debian NEW queue (https://ftp-master.debian.org/new/colorzero_2.0-1.html)

 15:05 <waveform> * Applied fixes to lg-gpio packaging for Debian; posted RFS

 15:05 <waveform> * Worked on Sense HAT packages for debian-python (couple of missing man-pages)

 15:05 <waveform> * Investigated issues associated with wrong audio device selection on Pi (LP: #1899962 and related)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1931552 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu Impish) "Please merge rpi-eeprom 12.4 from RaspiOS main" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931552

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899962 in pulseaudio (Ubuntu) "Wrong audio output device selected on Raspberry Pi Desktop" [Low, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899962

 15:05 <waveform> * Verified login-screen freeze on groovy (and invalidated for hirsute) (LP: #1909678)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1909678 in xwayland (Ubuntu Groovy) "Ubuntu 20.10 Desktop on Pi4B - screen-freeze after idling at login-screen" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1909678

 15:05 <waveform> * Still verifying kernel fix for USB storage issues on Pi (LP: #1930629)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930629 in linux-raspi (Ubuntu Focal) "Raspberry pi 4 USB controller randomly crashes" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930629

 15:05 <waveform> * Marked several take-home tests

 15:05 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:05 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:06 <doko> - three days off

 15:06 <doko> - validating the python3.8 and gcc-10 SRUs

 15:06 <doko> - trying to reach the LO maintainer to get some debugging starting, so far, no success

 15:06 <doko> - binutils update

 15:07 <doko> - and stuff I forgot ...

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:08 <bdmurray> okay moving on

 15:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1931701 which doko just mentioned

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1931701 in libreoffice (Ubuntu Impish) "autopkgtests failures on armhf of 7.1.4" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931701

 15:09 <bdmurray> so let's skip that

 15:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1930573

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1930573 in usrmerge (Ubuntu) "usrmerge error after upgradingfrom 20.10 to 21.04" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930573

 15:13 <bdmurray> Does anybody know what provides hwdb.bin off the top of their heads?

 15:14 <waveform> udev isn't it? Just having a look...

 15:15 <bdmurray> I seem to recall needing to run a command which generates the hwdb file

 15:15 <bdmurray> If that's the case I think we could pass on this

 15:15 <waveform> udev certainly owns all the stuff under hwdb.d/* and I think that's what udev uses to generate hwdb.bin

 15:15 <waveform> ah yes, systemd-hwdb

 15:15 <slyon> there is /bin/systemd-hwdb in the udev package

 15:17 <bdmurray> So does something call systemd-hwdb on all installs?

 15:17 <waveform> there's a systemd service called systemd-hwdb-update apparently

 15:17 <waveform> (again in the udev package)

 15:18 <bdmurray> Well then maybe we should take this

 15:18 <bdmurray> Yeah, let's do that

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:18 <slyon> +1

 15:19 <bdmurray> nothing there!

 15:19 <waveform> \o/

 15:19 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:19 <bdmurray> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 * juliank did not look at hilive yet

 15:21 <doko> breezy -> doko

 15:21 <juliank> hilive -> juliank

 15:22 <bdmurray> systemd is with sylon

 15:22 <bdmurray> openldap is with server

 15:23 <doko> python3-lxc -> jawn-smith

 15:23 <doko> python-ldap -> waveform

 15:23 <doko> mtools -> jawn-smith

 15:24 <bdmurray> ERROR: Unable to fetch GPG key from keyserver is from python3-lxc

 15:24 <bdmurray> that's everything there then

 15:24 <bdmurray> #AOB

 15:25 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:25 <mclemenceau> I'll be out tomorrow and next week

 15:25 <bdmurray> I'm out this afternoon and tomorrow

 15:25 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody

 15:25 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:25 <slyon> o/

 15:26 <doko> I'll get my covid shot tomorrow afternoon, half-day off

 15:26 <juliank> hooray

 15:26 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)