== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 23 Mar at 15:29 &mdash; 15:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-23-15.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/m-r-package-team-mapping.html   (cpaelzer, 15:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:39.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (49)
 * sarnold (7)
 * doko (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full log ==


 15:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:29:26 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> hi didrocks sarnold doko ddstreet jamespage

 15:30 <ddstreet> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:31 <cpaelzer> we had none

 15:31 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> There is one interesting thinghere which is rpm->lua5.2

 15:32 <cpaelzer> I happen t know that lua5.2 was demoted as the last dependency was removed

 15:33 <cpaelzer> that was some server component and we didn't want to have multiple lua versions

 15:33 <cpaelzer> but now we have rpm in main

 15:33 <cpaelzer> which - to make it worse - is listed as unsubscribed

 15:33 <cpaelzer> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/m-r-package-team-mapping.html

 15:33 <cpaelzer> anyone feelig responsible for rpm ?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> sounds foundation'ish ... doko ?

 15:35 <cpaelzer> debhelper - debugedit -> librpmio9 it is

 15:35 <cpaelzer> so it would be foundations then

 15:35 <cpaelzer> doko: once you are around consider how you want to resolve

 15:36 <cpaelzer> if you want to just promote lua5.2 please subscribe foundations to it, MIR wise it is ready (as it was in main all the time)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> I see nothing else critical/new in there

 15:36 <cpaelzer> does one of you have a comment to mismatches ?

 15:36 <sarnold> none from me

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok let us go on ...

 15:37 <cpaelzer> this is the time when these meetings can be short :-)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> empty list

 15:37 <cpaelzer> \o/

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> the latest is octavia which was recently discussed

 15:37 <cpaelzer> between jamespage and sarnold

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I've marked it as incomplete to reflect the current state

 15:38 <cpaelzer> once that is improved resolved it can entr review again

 15:38 <cpaelzer> thanks sarnold btw for the effort on checking and discussing this

 15:38 <doko> sorry for being late ...

 15:38 <cpaelzer> np doko

 15:38 <cpaelzer> looking up - opinions on rpm/lua5.2 ?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> we are generally done, let us wait a bit for doko to consume the backlog

 15:40 <doko> rpm: subscribed foundations. probably only for hirsute. debugedit got split out to it's own source and will have a first release soon

 15:40 <sarnold> nice

 15:40 <cpaelzer> ok, I'll leave it to you then

 15:41 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:41 <cpaelzer> overall that is it for today, as promised not much content

 15:41 <cpaelzer> I guess we can give everyone 15 minutes back or is there anything else to discuss for today?

 15:42 <sarnold> I've got nothing

 15:42 <doko> lua5.2: got demoted this cycle. I guess we can promote it again

 15:43 <cpaelzer> yes that is what I said above, we (sever) demoted it as our last dependency has gone and at that time there was no other dependency

 15:43 <sarnold> will the debugedit split also let lua5.2 drop back out in itchy inchworm?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> now that it comes back all that it needs is a team that wants to own lua5.2

 15:43 <doko> sarnold: yes

 15:43 <sarnold> hooray :)

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold: uuuh itchy - that isn't the name for real is it ?

 15:43 <doko> talking with debian rpm how/when to split it out

 15:43 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I sure hope not :)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> awesoe, then we can leave that rpm->* topic under your control doko

 15:44 <cpaelzer> +m^

 15:44 <cpaelzer> well then, have a good day

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)