== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board Meeting, started by sil2100, 09 Mar at 20:11 &mdash; 20:28 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-09-20.11.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:11.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:12.

 * ''ACTION:'' Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.  (sil2100, 20:14)
 * ''ACTION:'' formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:  (sil2100, 20:15)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.  (sil2100, 20:15)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list  (sil2100, 20:15)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step  (sil2100, 20:16)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)  (sil2100, 20:19)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)  (sil2100, 20:21)

=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:22.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (sil2100, 20:22)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:22.


=== aob ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:24.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:27.

 * next chair will be mdeslaur, with cyphermox as backup  (sil2100, 20:28)



== Action items, by person ==

 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step
  * sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.
  * formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:
  * vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.
  * vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list
  * vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (42)
 * meetingology (9)
 * rbasak (5)
 * cyphermox (2)



== Full log ==


 20:11 <sil2100> #startmeeting Technical Board Meeting

 20:11 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:11:42 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:11 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:11 <sil2100> #topic Apologies

 20:12 <sil2100> Marc and Steve sent apologies regarding missing today's meeting

 20:12 <sil2100> I don't think there's anything else

 20:12 <sil2100> #topic Action review

 20:12 * sil2100 Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:13 <sil2100> Wimpress: hello! Re-poking again! ^

 20:14 <sil2100> Ok, let's carry it over

 20:14 <sil2100> #action Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:14 * meetingology Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:14 * sil2100 vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:15 <sil2100> And the related ACTION: formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 20:15 <sil2100> vorlon is away today, so let's carry it over

 20:15 <sil2100> #action formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 20:15 * meetingology formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 20:15 <sil2100> #action vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:15 * meetingology vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:15 <sil2100> Same for the next one

 20:15 <sil2100> #action vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:15 * meetingology vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:15 * sil2100 sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:16 <sil2100> Ok, so apologies, but I did not get around this one yet, sadly

 20:16 <cyphermox> ok

 20:16 <sil2100> Let me carry it over

 20:16 <sil2100> I have it on my TODO list tho!

 20:16 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:16 * meetingology sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:17 * sil2100 vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:17 <sil2100> Does anyone know if that happened?

 20:17 <rbasak> I don't think so

 20:17 <rbasak> AIUI he wanted to update the list with his viewpoint

 20:17 <rbasak> Apart from that the TB side of Thunderbird is done I think

 20:19 <sil2100> Ok, let's carry over then

 20:19 <sil2100> #action vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:19 * meetingology vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:19 * sil2100 sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)

 20:20 <sil2100> So I updated the release processes to include information on where we put the LTS status of flavors, so that now we put it on the release schedule early

 20:20 <sil2100> But I'd still like to leave the action item as I'd still like to talk to Iain about this, as he had some question about the actual process

 20:21 <sil2100> So yeah, I'll carry it over and reach out to him

 20:21 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)

 20:21 * meetingology sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)

 20:22 <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:22 <sil2100> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 20:22 <sil2100> No bugs I see o/

 20:22 <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:24 <sil2100> I don't think there are any actions from the ML, from what I see in my mailbox at least

 20:24 <sil2100> #topi aob

 20:24 <sil2100> #topic aob

 20:25 <sil2100> Do we have anything for today?

 20:25 <cyphermox> I don't have anything

 20:26 <rbasak> Nothing from me

 20:26 <rbasak> Thank you for chairing!

 20:27 <sil2100> o/

 20:27 <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:28 <sil2100> #info next chair will be mdeslaur, with cyphermox as backup

 20:28 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)