== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council meeting, started by wxl, 17 Feb at 23:11 &mdash; 23:43 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-17-23.11.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/minutes-for-the-2021-02-03-community-council-meeting/20761   (wxl, 23:11)

=== Local Communities Research Committee ===

Discussion started by wxl at 23:12.

 * ''ACTION:'' toddy to set up a Launchpad project for the LCRC with the CC as owner.  (wxl, 23:20)
 * ''ACTION:'' linaporras to set up a meeting between the LCRC and the CC.  (wxl, 23:22)

=== IRC Council ===

Discussion started by wxl at 23:23.

 * ''ACTION:'' nhaines to provide status of IRC Council by next meeting.  (wxl, 23:24)

=== New business ===

Discussion started by wxl at 23:25.

 * ''LINK:'' https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/ANtbzX9s/   (linaporras, 23:26)

=== teward to provide an update by next meeting on the ESM/Standard Support/EoL confusion ===

Discussion started by wxl at 23:28.

 * ''ACTION:'' teward to provide an update by next meeting on the ESM/Standard Support/EoL confusion  (wxl, 23:29)

=== any other business ===

Discussion started by wxl at 23:29.

 * Canonical now has two community representatives, Rhys and Monica!  (wxl, 23:33)
 * ''ACTION:'' linaporras to confirm that Ubuntu members get ESM as a benefit and update the wiki accordingly.  (wxl, 23:40)
 * ''ACTION:'' linaporras is our next meeting chair!  (wxl, 23:42)



== Action items, by person ==

 * linaporras
  * linaporras to set up a meeting between the LCRC and the CC.
  * linaporras to confirm that Ubuntu members get ESM as a benefit and update the wiki accordingly.
  * linaporras is our next meeting chair!
 * nhaines
  * nhaines to provide status of IRC Council by next meeting.
 * teward
  * teward to provide an update by next meeting on the ESM/Standard Support/EoL confusion
 * toddy
  * toddy to set up a Launchpad project for the LCRC with the CC as owner.



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wxl (67)
 * linaporras (30)
 * jose (20)
 * nhaines (20)
 * teward (13)
 * toddy (10)
 * meetingology (9)
 * madhens (7)
 * Eickmeyer (0)



== Full log ==


 23:11 <wxl> #startmeeting Community Council meeting

 23:11 <meetingology> Meeting started at 23:11:02 UTC.  The chair is wxl.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 23:11 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 23:11 <wxl> welcome everyone to yet another episode of the Community Council meeting

 23:11 <wxl> i'll be your chair today

 23:11 <wxl> unfortunately, i didn't do my job and create an agenda so we'll go off of the minutes from the last meeting

 23:11 <wxl> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/minutes-for-the-2021-02-03-community-council-meeting/20761

 23:12 <wxl> that said‚Ä¶

 23:12 <jose> #chair wxl teward linaporras jose Eickmeyer toddy nhaines

 23:12 <teward> *burps*

 23:12 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer, jose, linaporras, nhaines, teward, toddy, wxl

 23:12 <wxl> oh yeah thanks for that. i forget how to work this thing :)

 23:12 <wxl> #topic Local Communities Research Committee

 23:13 <toddy> I have created the vote

 23:13 <wxl> so we have all of our nominations

 23:13 <jose> we have all voted I think

 23:13 <wxl> we didn't get the full representation we wanted globally, but we did pretty good

 23:13 <toddy> yes, but from two regions we have no nominations

 23:14 <wxl> so do we have a tally?

 23:14 <linaporras> Yes we still have that problem, mabe through the research they committee can find active members there...

 23:14 <linaporras> *maybe

 23:15 <jose> I'd say let's give toddy some time to tally and process the votes, and communicate the results via email

 23:15 <toddy> Now, all council members have vote

 23:15 <toddy> I will communicate the results via email

 23:15 <linaporras> cool!

 23:15 <wxl> ok that works

 23:15 <nhaines> yay!

 23:15 <wxl> in any case we're moving forward and that's a good sign

 23:16 <toddy> yes

 23:16 <wxl> outside of informing the members of their new roles, is there anything else we need to do to get them started on the work at hand?

 23:16 <linaporras> I do not know if a meeting with them would be useful...

 23:16 <toddy> should we create a launchpad project for them?

 23:17 <jose> for tracking work items?

 23:17 <jose> that would work

 23:17 <wxl> i think maybe both of those ideas are good ones

 23:17 <toddy> yes

 23:17 <linaporras> ü§î

 23:17 <nhaines> Couldn't hurt.

 23:17 <wxl> maybe we should have them set it up?

 23:19 <jose> either way works for me

 23:19 <toddy> I think we can do it and so we are the owner of the project/group

 23:19 <wxl> ah fair point toddy

 23:19 <wxl> ok so who wants to do that?

 23:19 <toddy> o/

 23:20 <wxl> okie dokie then

 23:20 <wxl> #action toddy to set up a Launchpad project for the LCRC with the CC as owner.

 23:20 * meetingology toddy to set up a Launchpad project for the LCRC with the CC as owner.

 23:20 <wxl> linaporras: do you want to try to set up a meeting? your idea was a good one, i think

 23:21 * wxl drops a pin

 23:21 <linaporras> Yes

 23:21 <wxl> okie dokie then :)

 23:21 * nhaines picks up a pin

 23:21 <nhaines> wxl: you dropped this.

 23:21 <wxl> oh!

 23:22 <linaporras> I can do it, we can set the meeting at this channel or do you prefer something like a videocall...

 23:22 <wxl> #acction linaporras to set up a meeting between the LCRC and the CC.

 23:22 <wxl> i kan spel

 23:22 <wxl> #action linaporras to set up a meeting between the LCRC and the CC.

 23:22 * meetingology linaporras to set up a meeting between the LCRC and the CC.

 23:22 <wxl> i don't think it matters too much. whatever works best for the lcrc i think

 23:22 <wxl> anyone else have anything else on the LCRC?

 23:22 <nhaines> That can be their first decision!

 23:23 <wxl> i'll take that apparent silence as a no

 23:23 <linaporras> üòÄ

 23:23 <wxl> #topic IRC Council

 23:23 <wxl> as i understand nhaines was supposed to report about the IRC Council and the current status of memberships at the last meeting

 23:24 <nhaines> Yes.  I've emailed out (a bit late) and expect to hear back... but by next meeting.

 23:24 <wxl> ok

 23:24 <nhaines> So no updates on that but I'll start harassing people via IRC if I don't hear back in a week.  :)

 23:24 <wxl> #action nhaines to provide status of IRC Council by next meeting.

 23:24 * meetingology nhaines to provide status of IRC Council by next meeting.

 23:24 <nhaines> +1

 23:25 <wxl> i'm going to skip GSOC as it seemed to me like we had generally discounted that idea

 23:25 <wxl> that said

 23:25 <jose> sounds fair

 23:25 <wxl> #topic New business

 23:25 <linaporras> ok

 23:25 <wxl> anything else?

 23:26 <linaporras> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/ANtbzX9s/

 23:26 <linaporras> I saw the e-mail Confusion over ESM and "Standard Support" vs. End of LIfe

 23:26 <linaporras> any news on that?

 23:26 <teward> nothing

 23:26 <linaporras> Sorry by the snippet...

 23:26 <teward> that literally went out last night

 23:26 <teward> so it's very new in the list.

 23:27 <teward> THIS SAID

 23:27 <linaporras> Ok... Guess could be a topic for our next meeting... to see how that evolves... is that ok?

 23:27 <teward> there seems to be consensus among multiple individuals that we need hard definitions made

 23:27 <teward> hence the email going out

 23:27 <teward> (hggdh of the IRCC agreed)

 23:27 <wxl> i agree

 23:27 <wxl> teward: can i assign an item to you to report on your findings next meeting?

 23:27 <teward> message was CC'd to the Community Council and TB, and I have an email to CC responses to for IRCC.

 23:27 <nhaines> I agree, I think the categories are pretty simple, we just need them defined.

 23:28 <teward> wxl: assuming I get any responses, yes.

 23:28 <nhaines> Because they've changed since the beginning.  :)

 23:28 <teward> indeed, not to mention we need a firmer definition of "at what point should the Community Support Options be unsuable?" and generally that'd be "End of Standard Support"

 23:28 <wxl> #topic teward to provide an update by next meeting on the ESM/Standard Support/EoL confusion

 23:29 <wxl> ugh i made that a topic?

 23:29 <teward> namely that ESM as a paid service has Paid Support which is the only way to get extended support via Canonical

 23:29 <wxl> wow help me

 23:29 <teward> wxl: *wags the Finger of Shame at you*

 23:29 <wxl> #action teward to provide an update by next meeting on the ESM/Standard Support/EoL confusion

 23:29 * meetingology teward to provide an update by next meeting on the ESM/Standard Support/EoL confusion

 23:29 <wxl> so moving on

 23:29 <wxl> #topic any other business

 23:29 <wxl> anything else??/

 23:31 <nhaines> I do want to mention that Ubuntu members get ESM, too.  I forget if that's available to the community for a couple machines as well.

 23:31 <wxl> huh i didn't know that

 23:31 <nhaines> But it's similar to the Livepatch situation.

 23:31 <wxl> ok well it sounds like that's it so i'm going to call the meeting in 10 seconds

 23:31 <jose> i do

 23:31 <jose> just wanted to bring you up to speed

 23:31 <nhaines> jose with the last minute.

 23:32 <linaporras> jajajaja

 23:32 <wxl> second, almost

 23:32 <jose> Canonical now has two community representatives, Rhys and Monica. I'll be meeting with them within the month in order to chat about their role and what our priorities are, so they can also help us with moving forward any items that might need an insider push

 23:32 <wxl> nice!

 23:32 <nhaines> \o/

 23:32 <toddy> cool

 23:33 <wxl> #info Canonical now has two community representatives, Rhys and Monica!

 23:33 <madhens> Hello, all :)

 23:33 <nhaines> madhens: hello!  :)

 23:33 <wxl> oh hai

 23:33 <wxl> NICE

 23:33 <madhens> I just wanted to drop in casually but I am so excited about working with all of you, and please, reach out here or at monica.ayhens.madon@canonical.com anytime. :)

 23:34 <linaporras> the benefit... that mention  nhaines, we should put it here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership, right?

 23:34 <nhaines> After we confirm it, yes.

 23:34 <wxl> OH WAIT IT'S YOU, MONICA???? oh man, this is great!

 23:34 <linaporras> Hi, nice to meet u

 23:34 <jose> I would delegate that item to the RMBs since they own the membership process

 23:34 <madhens> wxl: Hahahahaha!!!

 23:35 <jose> welcome to the party :)

 23:35 <linaporras> I found this: https://ubuntu.com/blog/ua-services-deployed-from-the-command-line-with-ua-client but yes we can confirm and delegate...

 23:35 <madhens> jose: Thank you! Next time I'll bring snacks. :)

 23:35 <nhaines> linaporras: yes, I thought I remembered that.  Thanks! :)

 23:36 <wxl> don't forget the tea!

 23:36 <madhens> lina: Very nice to meet you too!

 23:36 <jose> that's all I had, I'll share more news as I have them. It's going to be a long working cycle, I'm sure :)

 23:36 <madhens> wxl: Oh, I never forget the tea. :)

 23:36 <nhaines> madhens: Welcome! :)

 23:36 <linaporras> cool!

 23:36 <wxl> ditto that :)

 23:37 <madhens> nhaines: Hello, and thank you!

 23:37 <linaporras> so for the benefit jose... for the delegation an update of that item... can you write to them or ?

 23:39 <jose> would you be able to take that action item, please? I'm a bit busy with work so can't make a commitment at this point

 23:39 <linaporras> ok i'll do it

 23:39 <linaporras> no problem

 23:39 <jose> thank you :)

 23:39 <wxl> this is updating the membership thingy?

 23:39 <wxl> with esm?

 23:40 <linaporras> yes

 23:40 <wxl> ok

 23:40 <linaporras> confirm the benefit and updated

 23:40 <linaporras> update it

 23:40 <linaporras> jaja

 23:40 <wxl> #action linaporras to confirm that Ubuntu members get ESM as a benefit and update the wiki accordingly.

 23:40 * meetingology linaporras to confirm that Ubuntu members get ESM as a benefit and update the wiki accordingly.

 23:41 <wxl> ok we done now?

 23:41 <jose> no

 23:41 <jose> we have to choose a chair for the next meeting

 23:41 <linaporras> me

 23:42 <linaporras> i told u the previous meeting

 23:42 <jose> oh okay, I forgot

 23:42 <jose> there, problem solved

 23:42 <jose> now we done

 23:42 <linaporras> I will do my first chair here jeje

 23:42 <nhaines> That was easy!

 23:42 <nhaines> Thanks linaporras  :)

 23:42 <wxl> #action linaporras is our next meeting chair!

 23:42 * meetingology linaporras is our next meeting chair!

 23:42 <wxl> ok now we're done? :)

 23:42 <linaporras> üëç

 23:43 <wxl> ok shutting it down then

 23:43 <wxl> thanks everyone

 23:43 <wxl> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)