== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 25 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-25-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:02.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:16.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:16)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:19)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:20)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:21.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 16:21)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:45.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (46)
 * vorlon (45)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * ubottu (19)
 * juliank (19)
 * slyon (18)
 * rbalint (13)
 * JawnSmith (12)
 * dbungert (11)
 * doko (10)
 * waveform (7)
 * xnox (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * Laney (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:53 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 16:02 <bdmurray> rbalint dbungert juliank xnox vorlon sil2100 tdaitx jawnsmith mwhudson waveform slyon doko bdmurray

 16:02 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 16:03 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 16:03 <rbalint> * merged librelp rsyslog

 16:03 <rbalint> * fixed unattended-upgrades FTBFS via Debian

 16:03 <rbalint> * in the progress of testing strace and util-linux merges

 16:03 <rbalint> (done)

 16:03 <dbungert> * LP: #1915558 - irssi merge uploaded, thanks juliank

 16:03 <dbungert> * LP: #1913321 - still in security team

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915558 in irssi (Ubuntu) "Please merge 1.2.2-2" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915558

 16:03 <dbungert> * LP: #1915866 - fix implemented, PRs sent to Debian and upstream

 16:03 <dbungert> * autoinstall-generator - Project planning and lots of productization tasks

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913321 in iniparser (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] iniparser (dependency of mtd-utils)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913321

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915866 in iniparser (Ubuntu) "build does not run tests in test/ directory" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915866

 16:03 <dbungert> getting ready for MVP - next is snapification

 16:03 <dbungert> * libselinux vs systemd update-excuses: fixed via systemd retest triggered by

 16:03 <dbungert> others

 16:03 <dbungert> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> juliank has an appointment

 16:04 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:05 <bdmurray> I'll go while we wait for xnox

 16:06 <bdmurray> uploaded software-properties to hirsute (enable armhf tests)

 16:06 <bdmurray> submitted a charmhelper PR https://github.com/juju/charm-helpers/pull/573

 16:06 <bdmurray> submitted firewall change for devel version of Error Tracker

 16:06 <bdmurray> submitted another lptools MP with some lp-grab-attachments changes

 16:06 <bdmurray> testing of ubuntu-release-upgrader changes for the upgrade from B to F

 16:06 <bdmurray> testing of ubuntu-release-upgrader changes for the KeyboardInterrupt issue

 16:06 <bdmurray> uploaded opencryptoki version 3.15.1 (plus some patches) to hirsute

 16:06 <bdmurray> out ill for a bit

 16:06 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:06 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 16:06 <xnox> well

 16:06 <xnox> did noudebs stuff; merges for freeze; grub stuff

 16:06 <xnox> done

 16:07 <vorlon> skip?

 16:07 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:07 <sil2100> - Short DMB meeting, longer TB meeting

 16:07 <sil2100> - HWE sync (quick one)

 16:07 <sil2100> - Working on assigned merges:

 16:07 <sil2100> * Merged console-conf, followed up with an udeb removal change

 16:07 <sil2100> * Merged lshw

 16:07 <sil2100> * Synced parted

 16:07 <sil2100> * Worked on making parted migratable, pushed a change to livecd-rootfs

 16:07 <sil2100> - Working on erlang proposed migration

 16:07 <sil2100> - Finalized ESM britney spec, sent for review, addressing review comments from Steve

 16:07 <sil2100> - Finished work on the britney portion of ESM britney (untested yet)

 16:07 <sil2100> - Fixed ISO high-risk package change notifier for hirsute and focal

 16:07 <sil2100> - Re-building UC18 stable images with the new gadget and core18

 16:07 <sil2100> - Appliance refresh:

 16:07 <sil2100> * Rebuilt appliances with new snaps, adguard-home FTBFS due to base change

 16:07 <sil2100> * Updated adguard-home model assertions and sent them for signing

 16:07 <sil2100> * Did the same thing twice as we missed a revision bump, now waiting for store upload

 16:08 <sil2100> - Worked on improvements to the point-release process, sent out an e-mail about it

 16:08 <sil2100> - PR reviews for netplan - NM-support-related and TTL for tunnels

 16:08 <sil2100> - Rebasing and fixing tests for bileto change by Dimitri - merged

 16:08 <sil2100> - Finalizing some HWE DKMS stuff

 16:08 <sil2100> - Unblocking core18 snaps from moderation queue

 16:08 <sil2100> - Grading

 16:08 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:09 <bdmurray> JawnSmith:

 16:09 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1907713 aufs support is deprecated

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1907713 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "aufs support is deprecated and should be handled on upgrade" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907713

 16:09 <JawnSmith> * Changes made to ubuntu-release-upgrader, docker.io, and aufs-tools

 16:09 <JawnSmith> to prevent upgrades that would break existing containers

 16:09 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1902025 SRU verification for groovy and focal (successful)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1902025 in update-manager (Ubuntu Groovy) "hwe kernel not scoped under "Ubuntu Base"" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902025

 16:09 <JawnSmith> * Proposed migration: iputils resolved, acl blocked by known bug in systemd

 16:09 <JawnSmith> * Continued work for raspi GPIO support with new kernel

 16:09 <JawnSmith> * Merging pi-bluetooth from upstream

 16:09 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1901043 SRU verification (successful)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1901043 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "No sound in ubiquity-dm with nomodeset" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901043

 16:09 <JawnSmith> [done]

 16:10 <bdmurray> JawnSmith: Do you have an MP for u-r-u?

 16:10 <JawnSmith> Yes, let me dig up link

 16:10 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:10 <waveform> * u-boot merge (LP: #1916898)

 16:10 <waveform> * lgpio/rgpio packaging (LP: #1916901)

 16:10 <waveform> * Finished gpiozero lgpio layer, working on rgpio layer

 16:10 <waveform> * Planning GPIO/SPI/I2C device access with jawn-smith

 16:10 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1916898 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "Please merge u-boot 2021.01+dfsg-2 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916898

 16:10 <waveform> (done)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1916901 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] lg (lgpio, rgpio, rgpiod, rgs)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916901

 16:11 <slyon> - binutils/bionic SRU for IBM, bug #1903814

 16:11 <slyon> - Working on NetworkManager YAML backend

 16:11 <slyon> + adopting to new API, do manual testing

 16:11 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:11 <slyon> - prepare Github repo move, update references afterwards

 16:11 <slyon> - Enabling CodeQL security checks on Github, PR#195, merged

 16:11 <slyon> - Added TTL for tunnels, PR#194/139, bug #1846783, merged

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1903814 in binutils (Debian) "[binutils] Prevent GOT access rewrite for certain symbols" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903814

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1846783 in netplan "Unable to specify TTL value for tunnels" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1846783

 16:11 <slyon> - Add congestion-window/advertised-receive-window, PR#177, merged

 16:11 <slyon> - updating the NM/keyfile generator/parser API, PR#191, merged

 16:11 <slyon> - NM backend improvements, PR#189, merged

 16:11 <slyon> - Bug triage: bug #1905273, bug #1916062, bug #1896354

 16:11 <slyon> - Working on ppc64el autopkgtest failure, bug #1916888

 16:11 <slyon> - Working on 'netplan set' CLI, updating existing file

 16:11 <slyon> (done)

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1905273 in netplan "VLAN interface not added to bridge" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1905273

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1916062 in netplan "Option to admin disable interface either not present or not documented" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916062

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1896354 in netplan "ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'netifaces'" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1896354

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1916888 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "The autopkgtest started failing on ppc64el: Temporary failure resolving 'ftpmaster.internal'" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916888

 16:11 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:12 <doko> - noudeb, noudeb, noudeb, ... seeing an end

 16:12 <doko> - openjdk bug fix for single-core processors

 16:12 <doko> - openjdk-{11,16,17} updates

 16:12 <doko> - new libjpeg-turbo upstream

 16:12 <doko> - python3*-full packages, 3.9.2 release

 16:12 <doko> - cross-toolchain-base updates for glibc

 16:12 <doko> - GCC 10/11 updates

 16:12 <doko> - some universe merges

 16:12 <doko> (done)

 16:12 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:13 <vorlon> * a bit of poking around rails on proposed-migration; didn't get much done because kanashiro beat me to most of it

 16:13 <vorlon> * did remove ruby-rails-assets-jquery-fullscreen-plugin

 16:13 <vorlon> * retried autopkgtests for ruby-em-synchrony to address a progression

 16:13 <vorlon> * reviewing xnox's work to backport grub2 to all series

 16:13 <vorlon> * finalizing ubuntu-archive-tools migration to git

 16:13 <vorlon> (done)

 16:14 <bdmurray> Any questions on status?

 16:14 <rbalint> JawnSmith, which systemd bug blocks acl?

 16:15 <JawnSmith> LP: #1914062

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914062 in systemd (Ubuntu) "NetworkManager-wait-online.service in 1.28.0-2ubuntu1 fails to start in LXC" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914062

 16:15 <rbalint> this should be resolved currently, retried the test

 16:15 <bdmurray> thanks

 16:16 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:16 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug 1916485

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1916485 in glibc (Ubuntu) "test -x fails inside shell scripts in containers" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916485

 16:16 <rbalint> +!

 16:16 <rbalint> +1

 16:17 <rbalint> (for carding it)

 16:18 <mclemenceau> ok

 16:18 <bdmurray> Yes, let's card that.

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1916888

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1916888 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "The autopkgtest started failing on ppc64el: Temporary failure resolving 'ftpmaster.internal'" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916888

 16:18 <slyon> +1 for taking this one

 16:19 <slyon> not sure where it came from, but I was able to reproduce it locally

 16:19 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:19 <bdmurray> Oh we talked about this already

 16:20 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <bdmurray> and bug 1914827 is actually carded so done with those

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1914827 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "18.04 to 20.04 upgrade failed until -dbg packages removed" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914827

 16:21 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:21 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:21 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:22 <vorlon> tdaitx: pexpect has been carried over multiple weeks; are you blocking some time to work on it this week?

 16:22 <vorlon> dbungert: any word on mtd-utils and the iniparser MIR?

 16:23 <vorlon> mclemenceau: or do you know any updated status on iniparser MIR from the security team?

 16:23 <dbungert> vorlon: security team has the main task.  They created a smaller package cleanup task, which I completed this week.

 16:23 <dbungert> LP: #1915866

 16:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915866 in iniparser (Ubuntu) "build does not run tests in test/ directory" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915866

 16:24 <vorlon> juliank: setuptools is also a carry-over.  are you blocking time to work on it this week?

 16:25 <vorlon> no julian, he can read scrollback :)

 16:25 <vorlon> systemd blocking various things; rbalint do we believe these just need retried with the -proposed version?

 16:25 <rbalint> vorlon, yes

 16:25 <vorlon> ok triggering

 16:25 <dbungert> vorlon: there is always the option to 'fix' mtd-utils by removing the patch that makes it rely on an external copy of libiniparser, but this means that it's just using a statically linked copy instead (like it used to)

 16:26 <vorlon> dbungert: ok. given that we're at feature freeze already, I might want to pre-promote the library on that basis (i.e. no new code in main)

 16:26 <rbalint> vorlon, or with the one in release, systemd in hirsute-proposed is just a rebuild

 16:27 <vorlon> rbalint: ack; already triggered with --all-proposed

 16:28 <vorlon> hmm looks like all the others haven't been assigned out yet because they're newer!

 16:28 <vorlon> python-secretstorage vs vorta: bdmurray ?

 16:28 <bdmurray> okay

 16:29 <vorlon> grub2 has a component-mismatch; grub-emu just needs demoted, I'll take it

 16:29 <vorlon> libtimedate-perl: doko?

 16:29 <doko> ok

 16:30 <juliank> o/

 16:30 <vorlon> boost-defaults + boost1.74: xnox?

 16:30 <xnox> vorlon:  yes.

 16:30 <vorlon> lz4: some test requests went missing, I'll requeue those

 16:31 * juliank did not realize he was looking at setuptools and searched for other excuses which did not exist anymore :(

 16:31 <vorlon> netplan.io vs dnsmasq: slyon ?

 16:31 <vorlon> juliank: you ok to take it this week then?

 16:31 <slyon> vorlon: yes. It's related to the bug we carded earlier

 16:31 * vorlon nods

 16:31 <juliank> vorlon: yes

 16:31 <vorlon> sbuild: rbalint: ?

 16:31 <rbalint> vorlon, ack

 16:32 <vorlon> valgrind: waveform?

 16:32 <waveform> vorlon, ok

 16:33 <vorlon> xz-utils: xnox is this yours to follow through on since you uploaded?

 16:33 <vorlon> ah it's just blocked by systemd (retried) and a missing arm test, let me handle that

 16:34 <slyon> ovs and n-m are mine

 16:34 <vorlon> ack

 16:34 <vorlon> netplan.io blocking openvswitch and network-manager: slyon

 16:34 <vorlon> apport blocking dpkg: sil2100 ?

 16:35 <sil2100> o/

 16:35 <sil2100> Suar

 16:35 <vorlon> sil2100: several other things blocking dpkg, please take the set

 16:35 <vorlon> golang-defaults: mwhudson:

 16:35 <vorlon> apt: juliank do you want to take this one?

 16:36 <bdmurray> Hmm, I'd retried apport and dpkg

 16:36 <juliank> vorlon: yeah

 16:36 <xnox> vorlon:  ok.

 16:36 <vorlon> and now we're getting down into the stuff that is blocked by pending autopkgtests :/

 16:37 <bdmurray> sil2100: I'm going to click retry again. I don't see why the apport tests are flakey.

 16:37 <sil2100> Ok o/

 16:37 <juliank> I don't care a lot, I'm going to upload 2.2.1 on Monday/Tuesday, but if 2.2.0 migrates, nice

 16:38 <vorlon> juliank: do you know any reason the huge queues are moving slowly?  oldest in the huge queue on arm64 is from the 22 and the queue size doesn't seem to have shrunk

 16:39 <juliank> vorlon: no, Laney is moving stuff around, maybe something went wrong

 16:39 <vorlon> hum

 16:39 <vorlon> what's being moved around? I haven't seen anything about this

 16:40 <juliank> oh that was arm*hf* workers

 16:40 <vorlon> so, needs investigation; taking to #ubuntu-release

 16:42 <Laney> That was like a week ago

 16:43 <vorlon> JawnSmith: can you take man-db?

 16:43 <vorlon> and then we're approximately caught up so I'll stop there

 16:43 <sil2100> \o/

 16:43 <JawnSmith> o/

 16:44 <juliank> -> #ubuntu-release

 16:44 <vorlon> bdmurray: back to you

 16:45 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:45 <bdmurray> Anything else?

 16:45 <juliank> I'll paste my status now

 16:45 <juliank> * APT:

 16:45 <juliank> - Avoiding loop breaking for Protected packages in APT (no need to set APT::Force-LoopBreak for Breaks anymore)

 16:45 <juliank> - finalizing patch queues and SRU bug templates (about 5 bugs queued together)

 16:45 <juliank> * dpkg:

 16:45 <juliank> - found out with dpkg maintainer that deconfiguring essential and protected packages should be allowed without having to pass --force-remove-{essential,protected}

 16:45 <juliank> * Sponsored irssi merge for dbungert

 16:45 <juliank> (done)

 16:45 <juliank> Hope I did not catch covid from dentist :D

 16:47 <vorlon> my last dentist appointment there was one other patient in the lobby who couldn't wear his mask right

 16:47 <juliank> there wasn't really any waiting involved

 16:47 <bdmurray> I haven't been to the dentist yet.

 16:47 <juliank> :D

 16:48 <bdmurray> I want to be able to taste the smoothies when my teeth fall out.

 16:48 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)