== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 20 May at 15:01 &mdash; 15:31 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-05-20-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:20)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:20)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:24.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:25)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:29.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (46)
 * juliank (30)
 * vorlon (20)
 * ubottu (19)
 * slyon (17)
 * JawnSmith (12)
 * sil2100 (11)
 * dbungert (10)
 * doko (10)
 * rbalint (7)
 * waveform (6)
 * mclemenceau (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:00 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 15:01 <bdmurray> dbungert rbalint vorlon mwhudson waveform jawnsmith bdmurray doko slyon sil2100 juliank

 15:01 <dbungert> * LP: #1925068 - push a workaround

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925068 in subiquity "Crash when running on console on arm64 qemu" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925068

 15:02 <dbungert> * LP: #1928815 - merge with Debian, pending sponsor.  We might need another

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928815 in irssi (Ubuntu) "Please merge with 1.2.3-1" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928815

 15:02 <dbungert> for a suggested timezone, add autoinstall config for the same, add unit tests

 15:02 <dbungert> upload soon in irssi to handle libera.

 15:02 <dbungert> * Subiquity Set Timezone - abstract existing geoip code so that we can use that

 15:02 <dbungert> around this and similar areas.  WIP.

 15:02 <dbungert> * MoM: ifenslave - learn background on the package and Ubuntu capabilities.  My

 15:02 <dbungert> recommendation for this package is a status quo answer - merely merge with

 15:02 <dbungert> Debian and be done for now.  Next action is to smoketest basic capabilities.

 15:02 <dbungert> (done)

 15:02 <rbalint> * merged schroot, dbus, systemd (tested in bileto, about to upload)

 15:02 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:02 <rbalint> * preparations for next glibc upload + sru rounds

 15:02 <rbalint> (done)

 15:02 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:03 <bdmurray> how about waveform then

 15:03 <waveform> * Merges for u-boot (LP: #1928777) and lvm2 (LP: #1928973) (twice because ... stupidly forgot there was a pending bit to be dropped due to last initramfs-tools merge)

 15:03 <waveform> * Working on merge for nfs-utils

 15:03 <waveform> * Worked on autopkgtest-web optimizations

 15:03 <waveform> * Reviewed sense HAT libraries (no major pain as rtimulib isn't upstream anyway)

 15:03 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:03 <waveform> (done)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928777 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "Please merge u-boot 2021.01+dfsg-4 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928777

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928973 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "Please merge lvm2 2.03.11-2.1 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928973

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Re-write ubuntu image in go

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * Now builds warning free!

 15:03 <JawnSmith> * HiFive Unmatched hardware support

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * blog post well underway

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * Explains how to install to NVME and boot from it

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * Explains how to set up M.2 wifi/bluetooth module

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * Explains how to set up a graphical desktop interface

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1912371 fixing FTBFS in flashrom

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 15:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1928966 merge procps from Debian

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928966 in procps (Ubuntu) "Please merge procps 2:3.3.17-5 (main) from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928966

 15:04 <JawnSmith> [done]

 15:04 <bdmurray> special sru-review of cloud-init, google-compute-engine-oslogin

 15:04 <bdmurray> special sru-release of ubuntu-advantage-tools

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted an upstream lintian PR re impish

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted MP re sru-review and retrying adding a comment                                                                                        https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/ubuntu-archive-tools/retry-bugmessage/+merge/402712

 15:04 <bdmurray> merged, uploaded another update-notifier ESM change

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported LP: #1928392 re lintian and uploaded fixes for it

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928392 in lintian (Ubuntu Groovy) "add newer Ubuntu releases to lintian for older Ubuntu releases" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928392

 15:04 <bdmurray> sru-verification of LP: #1928392 for hirsute

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported, uploaded, sru-verified a fix for LP: #1928397 for Focal

 15:04 <bdmurray> commented on likely duplicates of the above re testing -proposed

 15:04 <bdmurray> force-badtest update-motd for hirsute

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928397 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "ensure python is marked for removal when upgrading from 18.04 to 20.04" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928397

 15:04 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:05 <doko> - second part of the first impish merge party, beta squad, where are you? ;)

 15:05 <doko> - PyCon development sprints on Mon and Tue

 15:05 <doko> - GCC 9.4 release candidate

 15:05 <doko> - Python 3.10 and 3.9 backports for focal, groovy, hirsute. 3.8 will follow

 15:05 <doko> - working with upstream on the debugedit release, split out from rpm to better fit non-rpm based dis

 15:05 <doko> tros

 15:05 <doko> - some package removals, syncs and merges

 15:05 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <slyon> - On +1 last week:

 15:05 <slyon> * atlas, python-pyscss, python-barbicanclient, kpatch, ply, pycparser,

 15:05 <slyon> cdrkit, db5.3, jack-rack

 15:05 <slyon> - Merged: vim, curl, popularity-contest, user-setup, logrotate

 15:05 <slyon> - Testing & improving NetworkManager snap on UC20, MP#400398

 15:05 <slyon> * Improving on comments mentioned by Tony

 15:05 <slyon> * Cleaning up temporary hacks to make the snap build, not needed anymore, now

 15:05 <slyon> that the SRU is in focal-updates

 15:05 <slyon> * libnetplan 0.102 now landed in core20/stable \o/

 15:05 <slyon> * Investigating the flaky Jenkins CI...

 15:05 <slyon> * small test improvements to the snapd PR (LP: #1926442)

 15:05 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:05 <slyon> - Finalized 0.102 SRU for Groovy & Focal

 15:05 <slyon> - Reviewed systemd/activation-mode PR#171

 15:05 <slyon> - Working on YAML generator, PR#211

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926442 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Impish) "[SRU] cannot execute 'netplan generate' from within a snap" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926442

 15:05 <slyon> (done)

 15:05 * vorlon waves

 15:05 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:05 <sil2100> I am not ready, please skip! I'll possibly send it over via e-mail if I don't make it in time

 15:06 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:06 <juliank> may 13 (missed meeting):

 15:06 <juliank> * boot loaders:

 15:06 <juliank> - verified the fixed grub for xenial arm64 (LP: #1926748). We only reverted src:grub2 in xenial, causing MAAS images and stuff to break over the weekend :/

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926748 in grub2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "regression in xenial updates - grub2 cannot handle new arm64 relocations" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926748

 15:06 <juliank> * merge party:

 15:06 <juliank> - synced python-apt 2.2.0

 15:06 <juliank> - merged xfsprogs

 15:06 <juliank> - merged rsyncs

 15:06 <juliank> * *apt:

 15:06 <juliank> - retried python-apt/xenial triggered tests that failed due to grub arm64 install failure

 15:06 <juliank> - apt: finalized the "TLS handshake errors are transient" test case. Corner cases, ugh.

 15:06 <juliank> * autopkgtest-cloud:

 15:06 <juliank> - Changed publish-db to use one-off backup rather than incremental (which restarted upon writes); trimmed runtime down from up to 20 mins to 20-ish seconds.

 15:06 <juliank> Was made possible by switch to WAL; previously it would have blocked writers for too long :)

 15:06 <juliank> - The autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/<name> pages now take 1/2 second instead of 15 seconds. Just added an index to the database :)

 15:06 <juliank> may 20:

 15:06 <juliank> * short week, was out last (thursday and) friday.

 15:06 <juliank> * merge party:

 15:06 <juliank> - merged cron 3.0pl1-137ubuntu1

 15:06 <juliank> * apt:

 15:07 <juliank> - 2.3.5 release: policy: Apply phasing to uninstalled packages too (LP: #1925745)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925745 in apt (Ubuntu Hirsute) "Hirsute: Cannot install ubuntu-desktop due to unmet dependencies" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925745

 15:07 <juliank> - prepared 2.2.4 update with bug fixes for unstable/bullseye

 15:07 <juliank> - prepared 2.2.4ubuntu1 with JSON hook 0.2 support

 15:07 <juliank> - preparing 2.0.6 atm for focal, containing the (applicable) bits from 2.2.3 and 2.2.4ubuntu1, as well as the signal handler change from 2.2.2

 15:07 <juliank> * UEFI shenanigans:

 15:07 <juliank> - decided with vorlon and xnox upon an approach to fix problems with our new shim: stop mirroring the vendor dbx into MokListXRT variable. Gotta setup testing for that and code it :/

 15:07 <juliank> * filed LP: #1929082 against Launchpad to keep old updates in -updates pocket while phasing new one

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1929082 in Launchpad itself "Keep old updates in -updates while new one is being phased" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929082

 15:07 <juliank> * learned about close_range() being in kernel 5.9

 15:07 <juliank> * copied my freenode settings in weechat to libera.chat ;)

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:07 <vorlon> * working on fixing a grub packaging regression in < focal due to the grub 2.04 work (LP: #1928674)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928674 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub-efi-amd64 from grub2-unsigned has lost kernel/postinst.d script" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928674

 15:07 <vorlon> * working through how to handle a shim regression on some Apple hardware (LP: #1928434)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928434 in shim (Ubuntu) "shim-signed does not boot on EFI 2.40 by Apple" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928434

 15:07 <vorlon> * discussions about how to SecureBoot sign a new kernel that won't be in the main archive

 15:08 <vorlon> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> sil2100: are you ready now?

 15:08 <sil2100> ...not yet, by e-mail

 15:08 <bdmurray> are there any questions on status?

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1928860

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1928860 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Recovery key is low-entropy" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928860

 15:11 <bdmurray> That seems incomplete to me

 15:12 <bdmurray> Or rather like its still under discussion

 15:12 <bdmurray> So let's pass on that for now

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1927994 I still need to investigate

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1927994 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "/usr/lib/update-notifier/backend_helper.py:FileNotFoundError:/usr/lib/update-notifier/backend_helper.py@166:show_updates:call:__init__:_execute_child" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927994

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1929059

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1929059 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Maybe needs update for smbios handling" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929059

 15:14 <bdmurray> Does anybody have an opinion on this?

 15:16 <vorlon> I hadn't seen this "hwmatch" error before, has anyone else?

 15:16 <sil2100> Feels like something we might want to get cleaned up, but not super priority

 15:16 <vorlon> agreed

 15:16 <sil2100> Should we still card that in that case and just keep it in the backlog?

 15:16 <sil2100> I wouldn

 15:17 <sil2100> 't

 15:17 <sil2100> mind a reminder

 15:17 <bdmurray> I thought we were trying to reduce the backlog.

 15:17 <sil2100> (many accidental enter presses)

 15:17 <bdmurray> So let's just leave it tagged incoming

 15:17 <mclemenceau> +1

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 1921862

 15:18 <ubottu> bug 1921862 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Focal) "Call germinate with -updates" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921862

 15:18 <sil2100> Oh, this I'd like to get fixed, but I saw the minimal change as per what JB proposed didn't cut it

 15:19 <sil2100> ...and I have no clue about ubuntu-archive-publishing

 15:19 <juliank> +1

 15:19 <bdmurray> Okay, so let's card that

 15:19 <mclemenceau> ok

 15:20 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:20 <bdmurray> there is nothing there \o/

 15:20 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1926819

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1926819 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "Empty MOTD on up-to-date systems (includes fix)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926819

 15:22 <bdmurray> I might have merged this, let's card this and assign it to me and I'll dig into it.

 15:22 <mclemenceau> Ok will do

 15:22 <sil2100> +1

 15:24 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:25 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:25 <vorlon> e2fsprogs has a build failure; doko this was your upload, are you looking at this?

 15:26 <vorlon> while waiting for an answer

 15:26 <bdmurray> I'll take update-notifier

 15:27 <vorlon> update-motd has regressed on armhf; I haven't hinted it because that seems like a core package someone should look at the failures on

 15:27 <doko> why does completion on "vorlon" doesn't work here?

 15:27 <doko> I'll have a look at e2fsprogs

 15:27 <vorlon> <handwave> invisible

 15:27 <vorlon> doko: thanks

 15:27 <vorlon> anyone want to look into update-motd/armhf?

 15:28 <vorlon> it's a weird failure

 15:28 <rbalint> i took a quick look i think it regressed with python

 15:28 <vorlon> fcntl shouldn't fail :P

 15:28 <vorlon> rbalint: I didn't see any python uploads in that window, though?

 15:28 <rbalint> yes, it is odd

 15:28 <rbalint> i can take it for next week

 15:28 <vorlon> thanks

 15:28 <vorlon> those are the only two that need looking at currently, then

 15:29 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:29 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:29 <slyon> I'm out on Monday, due to a national holiday

 15:29 <JawnSmith> I'll be out from Wednesday May 27 to Monday May 31

 15:30 <JawnSmith> oops, Wednesday May 26*

 15:30 <bdmurray> Okay, if there is nothing else. Thanks everybody!

 15:31 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)