== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 15 Jun at 14:31 &mdash; 14:53 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-06-15-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/prips/+bug/1930207   (sarnold, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/prips/+bug/1930207   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:36)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (56)
 * sarnold (13)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:28 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> none other than our usual duty for assigned bugs

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> cherryp3 mentioned last week and worked on by jamespage

 14:32 <cpaelzer> backkpc is the weekly joke between me and sarnold

 14:32 <cpaelzer> pacemake->fence also is in the works

 14:32 <sarnold> I don't remember the logcheck -> esmtp one..

 14:32 <cpaelzer> this was one of the false positives

 14:32 <sarnold> is that lossy memory at work?

 14:32 <cpaelzer> I debugged this and it comes down to a packge with alternative dependencies like A|B|C

 14:33 <sarnold> "good", that old familiar tune..

 14:33 <cpaelzer> but the coding change for germinate and such was non-trivial so we decided to don't mind about it until we have the luxury of time available

 14:33 <cpaelzer> prips is new

 14:33 <cpaelzer> but it is somewhat odd as I think we had a MIR

 14:33 <cpaelzer> maybe it is not perfectly tagged

 14:33 <cpaelzer> let me check

 14:34 <sarnold> I thought so too...

 14:34 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/prips/+bug/1930207

 14:34 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/prips/+bug/1930207

 14:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930207 in prips (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] prips package" [Undecided, Fix Committed]

 14:34 <cpaelzer> it has lost (or never had) the right subscription to show up here

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I fixed the bug

 14:35 <cpaelzer> this needs an archive admin to have a look now

 14:36 <cpaelzer> ok, that was useful

 14:36 <cpaelzer> I don't see any other surprises in the mismatches

 14:36 <sarnold> heh yeah :)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> going on ...

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Still on doko to resolve (as last week)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: ^^ if this is a problem to take some time you might want to assign someone else?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I think that hint will make sure someone has a look so that we don't have to mention it every week

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I'm re-reading the case to ensure I'm not mixing memories of a different case with this ...

 14:40 <cpaelzer> no that is the case

 14:40 <cpaelzer> flashrom MIR ack in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libftdi1/+bug/1912371/comments/6

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi1 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided, New]

 14:40 <cpaelzer> flashrom security ack in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libftdi1/+bug/1912371/comments/16

 14:41 <cpaelzer> libftdi security ack in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libftdi1/+bug/1912371/comments/17

 14:41 <cpaelzer> the oddity was https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libftdi1/+bug/1912371/comments/8 that seemed like a self-ack followed by the update of doko

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi1 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided, New]

 14:42 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: the mission is - was this an ack by Doko - then this can be promoted

 14:42 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: if not then whatever is left needs to be sorted out

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ok enough of that one ...

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> The onle new update here is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/golang-github-kardianos-osext/+bug/1894731

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1894731 in golang-google-protobuf (Ubuntu) "[MIR] golang-*, Go build dependencies of google-guest-agent" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 14:43 <cpaelzer> that again is for mclemenceau to think about rbalint replacement as he was unassigned

 14:43 <cpaelzer> it is all won't fix and incomplete and can stay that way

 14:43 <cpaelzer> but obviously if this shall be restarted someone else needs to do it

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:44 <mclemenceau> cpaelzer: ack. in a meeting atm but I'll look into this right after

 14:44 <cpaelzer> I still feel security reviews are slow, is there anything we an do to help you sarnold?

 14:45 <sarnold> argh, sorry, I hadn't realized I was stuck in scrollback..

 14:45 <cpaelzer> hehe, if that is the solution for faster reviews that is easy :-)

 14:46 <sarnold> cpaelzer: unfortunately I don't see any easy wins for addressing the speed of security team reviews; shaun is well aware of the impending backlog of doom; the others who were most interested in doing MIRs outside of their 'usual' roles have found greener pastures

 14:47 <cpaelzer> I mean as example https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsdl2/+bug/1256185 is from 2013 and even without being unfair the time since the last re-open until now is almost a year by now

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1256185 in libsdl2 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libsdl2" [Undecided, New]

 14:47 <sarnold> cpaelzer: we've got a new starter yesterday :D and extended offers to others recently, so I'd say in a year or two we might be in a good place..

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok, thanks for sharing tih sarnold - so there is long time hope

 14:47 <cpaelzer> and all we can do is short-term sympathy

 14:47 <sarnold> I certainly hope so

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok thne

 14:48 <cpaelzer> anything else for this section ?

 14:48 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:48 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: ?

 14:48 <ddstreet> nothing from me?

 14:49 <ddstreet> sorry, i have mtg overlap with this

 14:50 <sarnold> oh man... if we scheduled *all* our meetings at once, we could leave all the other hours free...

 14:51 <sarnold> (once, when on two calls at once, I might have asked one of them to speak in pt_BR when they were fine without my input.. :)

 14:52 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:53 <cpaelzer> I guess that is it then

 14:53 <cpaelzer> thank you and see you next week

 14:53 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)