== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 18 May at 14:30 &mdash; 14:43 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-05-18-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''ACTION:'' recheck llvm situation which has -12 in component mismatches and no classic "Team" subscribed on the older versions anymore  (cpaelzer, 14:39)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:39.


=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:39)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:40.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (47)
 * doko (8)
 * sarnold (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:56 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> no open actions left

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> new topics are wegkit/libmanette which has an ongoing MIR

 14:32 <cpaelzer> this was waiting to show up in mismatches which it now does

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Thereby it is ready for promotion now

 14:33 <cpaelzer> oh btw we had an odd start due to the pings before the meeting

 14:33 <cpaelzer> didrocks999: jamespage: sarnold: ddstreet: doko: ping for MIR meeting

 14:33 <cpaelzer> didrocks999: could you have a look at pormoting libmanette it is ready and a desktop'ish case

 14:34 * cpaelzer hopes pormoting isn't a bad word ...

 14:34 <sarnold> it isn't :) just a typo thankfully

 14:34 <cpaelzer> next case mesa ->llvm-12

 14:34 <doko> o/

 14:35 <cpaelzer> old toolchains are in main

 14:35 <cpaelzer> probably a doko thing (toolchains in general) - do you have input on llvm doko?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> while doko is checking that I'd want to ping sarnold for my weekly nudge on backuppc

 14:36 <doko> it's only in main for mesa, so this would be a desktop subscription? not sure about ubuntu-x, if that's a valid subscriber?

 14:36 <sarnold> weekly ack :)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> :-)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> doko: IIRC in the past we have rejected ubuntu-x as a subscriber

 14:36 <cpaelzer> thanks for the info

 14:37 <cpaelzer> let me ping desktop about llvm then

 14:37 <doko> we had desktop as subscriber for older llvm versions. these are now all gone. are there details about the unsubscriptions?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> hmm

 14:37 <cpaelzer> hwo is left subscribing?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> who

 14:38 <doko> ubuntu-x

 14:38 <cpaelzer> hmm, that doesn't seem right

 14:38 <cpaelzer> doko: would you mind throwing a mail to didrocks999 as he seems not to be around today

 14:38 <doko> I'll do

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I'm sure he can find out internally and next week report back on the state

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #action recheck llvm situation which has -12 in component mismatches and no classic "Team" subscribed on the older versions anymore

 14:39 * meetingology recheck llvm situation which has -12 in component mismatches and no classic "Team" subscribed on the older versions anymore

 14:39 <cpaelzer> thanks doko!

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:39 <cpaelzer> none in the queue

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <cpaelzer> That only lists the updates we have done last week when we cleared the old cases

 14:40 <cpaelzer> nothin new in there to handle today

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:40 <sarnold> none from me

 14:40 <cpaelzer> neither from me

 14:41 <cpaelzer> doko: anything from you to add here ?

 14:41 <sarnold> cpaelzer: should we prioritize backupppc-rsync over libsdl2?

 14:41 <doko> no

 14:41 <cpaelzer> hmm, let me think sarnold

 14:41 <doko> not if repriotizing takes longer than the actual review ;p

 14:42 <sarnold> reprioritizing is a moment's work to move the trello card :)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: both have to be this cycle and at least a bit before FF; but yeah the backuppc related ones would be good to have earler the cycle

 14:42 <doko> ahh, optimized workflow

 14:42 <cpaelzer> backuppc potentially stalls transitions and then things get ugly

 14:42 <cpaelzer> while libsdl2 is a simple change that can be done late

 14:42 <sarnold> cool, thanks

 14:43 <cpaelzer> awesome

 14:43 <cpaelzer> we made quite some progress in a short time

 14:43 <cpaelzer> see you all next week I guess

 14:43 <cpaelzer> same time same (virtual) place

 14:43 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)