== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 17 Aug at 14:32 &mdash; 14:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-08-17-14.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:46)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (53)
 * doko (9)
 * ddstreet (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full log ==


 14:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:32:59 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <cpaelzer> d_dstreet is here

 14:33 <cpaelzer> also pinging sarnold doko didrocks jamespage

 14:33 <cpaelzer> we know a few are unavailable this week

 14:33 <cpaelzer> so I'm almost expecting a status-monologue

 14:33 <cpaelzer> 1. no previous actions

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> not seeing sarnold here :-/

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I wanted to ask about the timing of https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fence-agents/+bug/1927004 since we close in on feature freze

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927004 in fence-agents (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fence-agents" [Undecided, Confirmed]

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I'll ask in the seucrity channel instead

 14:36 <cpaelzer> done

 14:36 <doko> o/

 14:36 <cpaelzer> hi doko, nice to see you

 14:36 <cpaelzer> everything else in these lists is known or false-positives

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer> egl-wayland is on ddstreet - he had requirements and we need to check if all are fulfilled

 14:37 <ddstreet> cpaelzer that's the one waiting on the q about missing tests

 14:38 <cpaelzer> one in particular is testing on special HW which we usually prohibit - ddstreet was so kind and suggested to put a formal "what if we need special HW for tests" in the MIR process

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I think we are not enough people to discuss that statement for our process

 14:38 <cpaelzer> but doko if you and I could read the case for 3 min and ack/nack if that is ok

 14:39 <cpaelzer> see the ping above it is about us saying "missing tests" and the owning team saying "can't be done in build/autopkgtest"

 14:39 <cpaelzer> generally I think that is ok

 14:39 * cpaelzer is reading

 14:40 <doko> is ubuntu-x-swat a team that we recognize?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> we said no to that in the past

 14:40 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: yeah this case has my ack in regard to the tests - here a build/autopkgtest (while nice) just isn't feasible

 14:40 <cpaelzer> we said no to ubuntu-x-swat I mean

 14:40 <doko> right, the hardware tests don't work. can we add a requirement that somebody has checked this locally?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> it needs to be a canonical-team as that is who offers the "support"

 14:41 <cpaelzer> doko: excatly, in the past we had this on dpdk and there we (server team) confirmed that we have a machine with special HW and regularly doing tests

 14:41 <cpaelzer> something like that I'd put into the formal MIR requirements

 14:41 <doko> sounds ok for me

 14:41 <cpaelzer> but when we have more people here to vote

 14:42 <cpaelzer> doko: does it have a real team subscriber as well or only ubuntu-x-swat

 14:42 <doko> which probably isn't going to work this week

 14:42 <doko> no other team subscriber

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I'm updating the case then

 14:43 <ddstreet> should the case go back to owned by me, waiting on further discussion in later mir team mtg?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: no it goes to seucrity IMHO

 14:45 <cpaelzer> the subscription can be solved while waiting for them

 14:45 <ddstreet> ack sounds good

 14:46 <cpaelzer> updated

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:46 <cpaelzer> nothing since last week

 14:46 <cpaelzer> doko: I fail to remember which one, but IIRC some case was assigned to you and still open

 14:47 <cpaelzer> doko: are you aware which one or do I need to check logs?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> and if you are aware could you link it and estimate when it will be done (a MIR review IIRC) ?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> while we look for that we enter the next section

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:47 <doko> urgh, don't remember which one

 14:48 <doko> was this some fuse stuff?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> no, that was a different case

 14:48 <cpaelzer> let me check

 14:50 <cpaelzer> doko: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/adsys/+bug/1936907 ?

 14:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936907 in adsys (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ADSys" [Undecided, New]

 14:50 <cpaelzer> I think that was what didrocks waited on

 14:50 <cpaelzer> anything else for today ?

 14:51 <doko> ok

 14:51 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: we will have to remember about adding a statement for the special-HW testing for when more MIR members are available

 14:51 <cpaelzer> ok - if there is nothing else I'd close for today

 14:51 <cpaelzer> thanks doko and ddstreet for not letting me alone here :-)

 14:51 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)