== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 04 May at 14:32 &mdash; 14:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-05-04-14.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:45.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (59)
 * didrocks (9)
 * ubottu (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * luna (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (2)



== Full log ==


 14:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:32:29 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Hi, we have no actions of last week - so we skip that section

 14:33 <cpaelzer> but with Impish opening there are other things to do

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Not much new things, but ibus-libpinyin -> opencc -> marisa

 14:34 <cpaelzer> opencc is demoted as of today but has an old approved MIR in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opencc/+bug/611210

 14:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 611210 in opencc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] opencc" [Undecided,Fix released]

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Marisa is here https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/marisa/+bug/1914808

 14:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914808 in marisa (Ubuntu) "[MIR] marisa" [Undecided,In progress]

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I haven't checked in detail - but from a quick look that seems to be promotable

 14:35 <sarnold> good morning

 14:35 <didrocks> you did a first pass, correct?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> one of the AAs here able to later have a detailed look and if indeed ok promote it?

 14:35 <didrocks> hey sarnold

 14:35 <cpaelzer> hi sarnold

 14:35 <didrocks> yeah, will do

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Other than that component mismatches only reminds us that backuppc dependencies wait for seucrity review

 14:36 <cpaelzer> we have postponed this to impish to free up some pressure on security, but now I'm fully back to say "we need this" ;-)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> sarnold: ^^ FYI

 14:36 <sarnold> ack :)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> and we have new MIRs again with the cycle starting

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer> There are two from the server team of which one I'd want anyone not being  me to review

 14:37 <cpaelzer> let us get started

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #1 https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/telegraf/+bug/1926321

 14:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926321 in telegraf (Ubuntu) "[MIR] telegraf" [Undecided,New]

 14:38 <cpaelzer> It is another case of the "vendored go because nothing else would work reasonably well"

 14:38 <cpaelzer> we had a few of those already and I guess it will eventually be approved under the same banner

 14:38 <cpaelzer> but to avoid the feeling of self-approving I'd want someone else to review this

 14:38 <cpaelzer> anyone up to that?

 14:38 <didrocks> I can have a look at that one

 14:38 <didrocks> but warning, yeah, the vendoring won’t shock me for sure :)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Thank

 14:38 <cpaelzer> you

 14:39 <cpaelzer> in return I'd voluteer to take https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmanette/+bug/1918446 which is a desktopish thing

 14:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918446 in libmanette (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libmanette" [Undecided,New]

 14:39 <didrocks> thanks! In case you need anything, I know upstream quite well

 14:39 <cpaelzer> awesome

 14:39 <cpaelzer> and finally there is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fence-agents/+bug/1927004

 14:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927004 in fence-agents (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fence-agents" [Undecided,New]

 14:39 <cpaelzer> that is a package that was in main in the long past (precise)

 14:40 <cpaelzer> then everone realized the mixed quality

 14:40 <cpaelzer> but it was and is important

 14:40 <cpaelzer> so the new approach is to split the binary packages into good, bad and ugly

 14:40 <cpaelzer> to only promote and support the former

 14:40 <cpaelzer> Anyone left able to look at that?

 14:40 <didrocks> sounds really like gstreamer plugins/codec :)

 14:41 * didrocks would prefer someone else to take it to ensure that it’s dealt properly by next Tuesday

 14:41 * cpaelzer as well

 14:41 <cpaelzer> 1 each would be my preferred fair assignment

 14:42 <cpaelzer> since we need sarnold for security reviews I wonder if ddstreet / doko / jamespage would have a chance to look at this please ?

 14:42 <ddstreet> sure i can take it, lp:#1927004 ?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> yes ddstreet

 14:42 <cpaelzer> thanks!

 14:42 <ddstreet> sorry i have split attention with the sprint

 14:42 <cpaelzer> great - all incoming cases assigned

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <luna> 21 of them

 14:43 <cpaelzer> The only real recent case is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opensc/+bug/1892559

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892559 in opensc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ccid opensc pcsc-lite" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:44 <cpaelzer> That had a few "please adapt this before we go on" requests

 14:44 <cpaelzer> those are discussed, some are resolved some are not needed and some need work

 14:44 <cpaelzer> AFAICS process wise this still is on security Team as the next major step

 14:45 <cpaelzer> Nothing else recent in that queue

 14:45 <cpaelzer> which brings us to

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> nothing but the cases we assigned above from me

 14:45 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:45 <luna> nothing from me

 14:45 <didrocks> nothing

 14:46 <cpaelzer> luna: to explain - yes the list has 12 entries but we only check those that had updates since they were last discussed

 14:46 <cpaelzer> post LTS we sometimes clean some super old cases, but there is no strict cleanup rule for these

 14:47 <luna> cpaelzer: ah alright

 14:47 <cpaelzer> So overall we see the cycle start as expected, new review requests come in and have assigned them

 14:47 <cpaelzer> best of luck to find the time to complete them before next week (not starting a backlog in the first week) :-)

 14:47 <sarnold> yes, "start"...

 14:48 <cpaelzer> :-)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> Seems we are done for today and I'd then close the meeting

 14:48 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, didrocks, ddstreet, luna :)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)