== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by vorlon, 23 Feb at 20:03 &mdash; 20:28 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-23-20.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:03.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:04.

 * ''ACTION:'' Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.  (vorlon, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.  (vorlon, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list  (vorlon, 20:06)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2020-January/002478.html   (sil2100, 20:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2019-August/002456.html   (sil2100, 20:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step  (vorlon, 20:10)
 * ''DONE:'' mdeslaur to follow up on xnox's track clarification post to the list from 2020-08-12  (vorlon, 20:11)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)  (vorlon, 20:12)
 * ''DONE:'' rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future  (vorlon, 20:12)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:14.

 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)  (vorlon, 20:23)

=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (vorlon, 20:23)

=== aob ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:23.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:27.

 * next chair will be sil2100, with mdeslaur as backup  (vorlon, 20:27)



== Action items, by person ==

 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step
  * sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.
  * vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list
  * vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.



== Done items ==

 * mdeslaur to follow up on xnox's track clarification post to the list from 2020-08-12
 * rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (65)
 * sil2100 (29)
 * rbasak (12)
 * meetingology (8)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * cyphermox (2)



== Full log ==


 20:03 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 20:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:03:42 UTC.  The chair is vorlon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:03 <vorlon> #topic Apologies

 20:04 <vorlon> I don't see any on the mailing list

 20:04 <sil2100> I'd like to apologise for missing the last meeting

 20:04 <vorlon> :)

 20:04 <sil2100> Was uh, a weird week

 20:04 <vorlon> #topic Action review

 20:05 * vorlon Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:05 <vorlon> Wimpress: ^^ is there anyone else from Ubuntu MATE who could take this up with us?

 20:06 <vorlon> #action Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:06 * meetingology Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 20:06 * vorlon formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 20:06 * vorlon vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:06 <vorlon> which is carry-over for me

 20:06 <vorlon> #action vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:06 * meetingology vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:06 * vorlon vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:06 <vorlon> also carry-over

 20:06 <vorlon> #action vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:06 * meetingology vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 20:06 * vorlon xnox to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which vorlon and mdeslaur will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step ([2/3 subquorum required if one of us slacks, to avoid holding up the process])

 20:07 <vorlon> xnox: ^^ we're still waiting on this from you, can you make some time for it please?

 20:07 * vorlon sil2100 to follow up with xnox about OEM archive documentation

 20:07 <vorlon> sil2100: have you? :)

 20:07 <sil2100> Yes

 20:07 <vorlon> cool - any update from xnox?

 20:08 <sil2100> So I poked xnox about that and well, got what we currently have - but it's not in any discoverable place

 20:08 <sil2100> Basically xnox pointed me at the ML posts:

 20:08 <cyphermox> o/

 20:08 <sil2100> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2020-January/002478.html

 20:08 <sil2100> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2019-August/002456.html

 20:08 <vorlon> right, a mailing list post is definitely not a draft, so...

 20:09 <sil2100> Now the question is: do we want to make sure this is saved somewhere on a wiki? Maybe we should decide on where this should go?

 20:09 <sil2100> Wiki, discourse?

 20:09 <vorlon> given that this is supposed to be a policy, I think it belongs in the wiki (with all the othesr)

 20:09 <sil2100> I can continue poking xnox or actually taking all that info there and nicely fitting it on a wiki

 20:09 <sil2100> *take

 20:09 <vorlon> sil2100: do you want to take the action of a first draft then?

 20:10 <sil2100> vorlon: yeah, I can o/

 20:10 <vorlon> sweet

 20:10 <vorlon> #action sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:10 * meetingology sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:10 * vorlon mdeslaur to follow up on xnox's track clarification post to the list from 2020-08-12

 20:10 <sil2100> I suppose we don't really have a wiki path for OEM stuff right now, right?

 20:10 <vorlon> mdeslaur: ?

 20:10 <vorlon> sil2100: no, but this is about Ubuntu technical policy, not about "OEM"

 20:11 <mdeslaur> he said the track clarification was already added to the wiki, so it's completed

 20:11 <vorlon> mdeslaur: thanks

 20:11 <sil2100> vorlon: true that o/

 20:11 <vorlon> #done mdeslaur to follow up on xnox's track clarification post to the list from 2020-08-12

 20:12 * vorlon vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:12 <vorlon> carry-over, I'll get it done this week I swear

 20:12 <vorlon> #action vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:12 * meetingology vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 20:12 * vorlon rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future

 20:12 <vorlon> rbasak: I think this might be done?

 20:12 <rbasak> I posted that to the list.

 20:12 * vorlon nods

 20:12 <sil2100> I saw an e-mail sent out, yes

 20:12 <vorlon> #done rbasak to write up proposal for how to do decision documentation for the future

 20:12 <sil2100> rbasak: thanks o/

 20:12 <vorlon> excellent

 20:12 <rbasak> Any feedback or further action from that?

 20:14 <vorlon> none from me

 20:14 <vorlon> no new agenda items on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda, so

 20:14 <vorlon> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:14 * rbasak has one AOB item

 20:15 <vorlon> we were cc:ed on a question from teward to sabdfl; but that's only to keep us in the loop and I don't see any action there https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2021-February/002543.html

 20:15 <rbasak> Agreed - I asked Thomas and he confirmed no action is expected from the TB at the moment.

 20:16 <vorlon> and Laney asked about documentation of LTS status which sil2100 responded to

 20:16 <vorlon> sil2100: do you think we *should* have a more specific place for documenting LTS status?

 20:16 <vorlon> the release notes are kind of late to be gathering this info

 20:17 <sil2100> hm, we do normally always reach out to flavors beforehand whenever an LTS is being worked on per policy

 20:17 <vorlon> yes, but where does this get documented between the time you reach out to flavors, and the time the release notes start being created?

 20:17 <sil2100> I don't think so, no

 20:19 <sil2100> I'm looking at possible places where this could be actually documented better, I see we had an https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LTS wiki page with some LTS info

 20:19 <sil2100> But anyway, maybe it's enough to just put that info in the release tracking thread whenever an LTS is worked on? Or hm, maybe better, on the release schedule thread?

 20:20 <sil2100> Since on the release schedule threads we already have additional info like when transitions are planned and who is working on which milestone

 20:20 <vorlon> what's the release tracking thread?

 20:20 <sil2100> Like, you know, one of these: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/groovy-gorilla-20-10-release-status-tracking/18647

 20:20 <sil2100> Since we're tracking release checklist items there, it's created relatively early

 20:20 <sil2100> But I think maybe the release schedule would be actually a better idea

 20:21 <vorlon> ah

 20:21 <sil2100> Since it fits conceptually as well, since support status means when point releases might be prepared and for who

 20:21 <vorlon> well I think I would leave it up to you whether you think there should be further action here

 20:22 <sil2100> I'll bring it up with the release team and we'll figure something out, but I'm leaning towards the release schedule indeed

 20:22 <sil2100> It's easily discoverable then

 20:23 <vorlon> #action sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)

 20:23 * meetingology sil2100 to discuss with release team where to document decisions about LTS status of flavors (prior to release notes creation late in cycle)

 20:23 <vorlon> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:23 <vorlon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 20:23 <vorlon> zaro boogs

 20:23 <vorlon> #aob

 20:23 <vorlon> rbasak: you had something?

 20:23 <vorlon> #topic aob

 20:24 <rbasak> I released the Thunderbird update today to Focal.

 20:24 <rbasak> oSoMoN asked about doing the same for Bionic, but we hadn't discussed that previously.

 20:24 <rbasak> I trust it'll be fine on the same basis as the Focal update, but I thought I'd check.

 20:25 <mdeslaur> I think only one of the problematic packages was in bionic when I checked

 20:25 <vorlon> seems ok, we didn't make any focal-specific decisions there so as long as the revdep situation is similar?

 20:25 <mdeslaur> I believe it's fine for bionic also

 20:25 <rbasak> I haven't checked the rdep situation

 20:25 <vorlon> but I guess you would as part of SRU team due diligence?

 20:25 <rbasak> Yes I'll check

 20:26 <rbasak> How about we approve it on condition the SRU consider the situation effectively the same, and we'll consult the TB if we consider there to be any substantial difference?

 20:26 <vorlon> ok then it seems alright to me; if you find any new wrinkles for bionic we can discuss on list, but otherwise I think it follows from the discussion we already had about focal?

 20:26 <cyphermox> yes

 20:26 <rbasak> +1

 20:27 <rbasak> Thanks

 20:27 <vorlon> excellent

 20:27 <vorlon> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:27 <vorlon> #info next chair will be sil2100, with mdeslaur as backup

 20:27 <mdeslaur> ack

 20:27 <sil2100> o/

 20:27 <vorlon> straightforward :)

 20:27 <vorlon> anything else?

 20:27 <mdeslaur> nope

 20:28 <sil2100> Nothing here

 20:28 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)