== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by ddstreet, 13 Dec at 16:11 &mdash; 17:59 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-12-13-16.11.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:11.


=== sil2100 to add jawn-smith to core-dev (done) ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:12.


=== sil2100 to announce jawn-smith's successful application (done) ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:12.


=== ddstreet to follow up on if we should change the 19:00 UTC meetings as well ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:13.


=== sil2100 to change the 15:00 UTC meeting times to 16:00 UTC (on Agenda and calendar) ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:13.


=== ddstreet to handle "Making it easier for applicants to request special meeting times and/or applying by email" (carried over) ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:15.


=== PPU application by athos-ribeiro ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:18.

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AthosRibeiro/UbuntuServerDeveloperApplication   (ddstreet, 16:19)
 * ''VOTE:'' Packageset application for 'ubuntu-server' packageset for Athos Ribeiro (Carried)  (ddstreet, 17:11)
 * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet change permissions for athos packageset application for ubuntu-server  (ddstreet, 17:14)
 * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet announce athos successful application for ubuntu-sever packageset  (ddstreet, 17:14)

=== Paride Legovini application for Ubuntu Core Developer ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 17:18.

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ParideLegovini/UbuntuCoreDeveloperApplication   (ddstreet, 17:18)
 * ''VOTE:'' Paride Legovini application for Ubuntu Core Developer (Carried)  (ddstreet, 17:53)
 * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet carry vote for paride to ML list for final +1  (ddstreet, 17:54)

=== change to DMB meeting day/time (ddstreet) ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 17:55.


=== next chair ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 17:55.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 17:56.


=== officially cancel Dec 27 meeting? ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 17:56.

 * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet add note in agenda that the dec 27 mtg officially canceled  (ddstreet, 17:58)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-12-13-16.11.log.html#91|Packageset application for 'ubuntu-server' packageset for Athos Ribeiro]]
  * Motion carried (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: ddstreet, rafaeldtinoco, sil2100
 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-12-13-16.11.log.html#197|Paride Legovini application for Ubuntu Core Developer]]
  * Motion carried (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: ddstreet, sil2100, rafaeldtinoco



== Action items, by person ==

 * athos
  * ddstreet change permissions for athos packageset application for ubuntu-server
  * ddstreet announce athos successful application for ubuntu-sever packageset
 * ddstreet
  * ddstreet change permissions for athos packageset application for ubuntu-server
  * ddstreet announce athos successful application for ubuntu-sever packageset
  * ddstreet carry vote for paride to ML list for final +1
  * ddstreet add note in agenda that the dec 27 mtg officially canceled
 * paride
  * ddstreet carry vote for paride to ML list for final +1



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ddstreet (119)
 * paride (33)
 * meetingology (24)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * athos (21)
 * rafaeldtinoco (18)
 * rbasak (11)
 * ubottu (2)
 * jawn-smith (1)



== Full log ==


 16:11 <ddstreet> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 16:11 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:11:18 UTC.  The chair is ddstreet.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:11 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:11 <ddstreet> #topic Review of previous action items

 16:12 <ddstreet> i think some of the action items got mixed into the 'long-term' action item list?

 16:12 <ddstreet> i'm going to skip over the ones that i think are long-term items

 16:12 <ddstreet> #topic sil2100 to add jawn-smith to core-dev (done)

 16:12 <jawn-smith> \o/

 16:12 <ddstreet> looks done, thanks :)

 16:12 <ddstreet> #topic sil2100 to announce jawn-smith's successful application (done)

 16:12 <ddstreet> also done, thanks

 16:13 <ddstreet> #topic ddstreet to follow up on if we should change the 19:00 UTC meetings as well

 16:13 <sil2100> \o/

 16:13 <ddstreet> i send a ML email to kick off discussion on this, i don't think we need to keep an action item for it

 16:13 <sil2100> +1

 16:13 <ddstreet> #topic sil2100 to change the 15:00 UTC meeting times to 16:00 UTC (on Agenda and calendar)

 16:13 <ddstreet> i think this is done right?

 16:13 <ddstreet> i mean, we're having this mtg at 16:00 UTC, so... ;-)

 16:14 <paride> the fridge calendar looks out of date

 16:14 <ddstreet> i think sil2100 just recently changed that?

 16:14 <ddstreet> like an hour-ish ago?

 16:14 <paride> I mean, the time of the day is still 15:00 UTZ

 16:14 <paride> UTC

 16:14 <paride> oh!

 16:14 <paride> yes I can confirm it's 16:00

 16:14 <ddstreet> ok good, thanks

 16:15 <sil2100> Apologies! hm, maybe the fridge one didn't get synced? I don't really remember how the fridge thing works

 16:15 <sil2100> Anyway, yeah, I only did the change some hour or two ago after ddstreet reminded me of that

 16:15 <ddstreet> #topic ddstreet to handle "Making it easier for applicants to request special meeting times and/or applying by email" (carried over)

 16:16 <ddstreet> I started discussion for this on the ML also, i think that's enough, don't think we need to carry an action item for it

 16:17 <ddstreet> ok let's move on to applications then

 16:18 <ddstreet> we have 2 applications today, in order of the list on the DMB agenda, the PPU application from Athos Ribeiro is first

 16:18 <ddstreet> #topic PPU application by athos-ribeiro

 16:19 <ddstreet> hello athos, can you introduce yourself?

 16:19 <ddstreet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AthosRibeiro/UbuntuServerDeveloperApplication

 16:19 <rbasak> Both Athos and Paride are colleagues of mine on my team in Canonical, so I'm going to abstain as I normally do in these cases, except if there's a unanimous +1 from all others present and my vote is needed to make quorum.

 16:20 <ddstreet> athos you still around?

 16:20 <athos> Hello everyone! I am Athos, I work for Canonical in the Server team. My primary focus is in the maintainance and production of the OCI images published in both dockerhub and amazon's ECR. Apart from that, I also perform general bug work throughout the team's packages. Today I am applying for upload rights for the server package set

 16:22 <ddstreet> just for clarification, the packageset is 'ubuntu-server', correct? For example for jammy https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/packagesets/jammy/ubuntu-server

 16:23 <ddstreet> and let's open it up for any questions the DMB members have

 16:23 <athos> yes, that is correct

 16:23 <ddstreet> thanks!

 16:25 <ddstreet> I suspect other members are still reading your application page so let's give things a bit more time

 16:25 <sil2100> Yeah, sorry, I didn't have time to do that earlier and now I'm distracted

 16:25 <sil2100> But browsing through it now

 16:25 <rafaeldtinoco> ddstreet: I have already read his application for the past meeting and Im good to vote (as I provided an endorsement already).

 16:26 <sil2100> athos: tell me, what are the requirements for a change to be considered for an SRU?

 16:28 <athos> We need to file the SRU paperwork in the LP bug that the change is going to fix

 16:28 <athos> The impact of the change must be well assessed

 16:29 <athos> and in general, it should only apply for high impact bugs

 16:30 <athos> oh, and the bug must be fixed in the development release

 16:31 <sil2100> Ok, thanks, sounds good

 16:33 <sil2100> btw. for anyone that needs this, sponsorship miner url: https://udd.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor=&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=Athos%20Ribeiro&sponsoree_search=name

 16:33 <ddstreet> and further q from anyone?

 16:34 <sil2100> I still might have one, one moment

 16:35 <sil2100> athos: looking at your recent focal php7.4 SRU - do you think it is good to go? Or is there still some problem something that needs attention?

 16:37 <athos> sil2100: it LGTM; There was one autopkgtest failure at some point last week, for which I requested a retrigger (it was just a timeout)

 16:37 <sil2100> athos: are you sure? Are all the arches good to go..?

 16:38 * athos chacks

 16:38 * athos checks

 16:39 <athos> the focal package ftbfs in ppc

 16:40 <sil2100> Does this mean the package can be released right now?

 16:41 <athos> It cannot; this needs fixing. I will request a re-build for that so I can verify the logs, to check if any further change will be needed indeed

 16:42 <athos> the hirsute SRU is good to og though

 16:42 <sil2100> Final question: can you imagine any situations when an SRU can be released even in such situation?

 16:43 <athos> meaning we have a build failure for one specific arch?

 16:45 <sil2100> Yes

 16:45 * ddstreet coffee refill, back asap

 16:46 <athos> I suppose it could be released in case that package was never released to that specific platform before

 16:49 * ddstreet back

 16:50 <ddstreet> sil2100 i have one q if you're done?

 16:51 <ddstreet> athos for a patch to either the devel release or stable release, can you explain any restrictions and/or importance on where the patch comes from?

 16:51 <ddstreet> that's poorly worded...basically, where does a devel and/or sru patch need to come from?

 16:53 <athos> It would be nice if a patch comes from the upstream project; however, it may not make much sense sometimes. For instance

 16:53 <athos> I submitted a patch to python-debian recently to add support for zstd, which was set as the default compression format in impish

 16:54 <athos> since Debian does not support zstd, we included that patch downstream (and I am working with upstream to add that support there as well)

 16:55 <athos> In any case, it is always nice to forward the patch upstream and to debian, to reduce/minimize our deltas.

 16:55 <ddstreet> as an example (and i'm nit-picking here, to be clear) in this MR: https://code.launchpad.net/~athos-ribeiro/ubuntu/+source/openvpn/+git/openvpn/+merge/405957

 16:56 <ddstreet> is the Origin: listed there the 'best' reference for where the patch came from?

 16:58 <athos> I see how this could be enhanced to point to a VCS

 16:58 <ddstreet> what's the downside of using the ML reference instead of the VCS url?

 17:00 <athos> A patch in a mainling list is no guarantee that it was indeed applied upstream. One would need check the project to verify that is the actual origin of the patch

 17:01 <athos> for this case, you can see it is indeed applied: https://github.com/OpenVPN/openvpn/commit/6d8380c78bf77766454b93b49ab2ebf713b0be48; and this should be the actual reference there

 17:01 <ubottu> Commit 6d8380c in OpenVPN/openvpn "Increase listen() backlog queue to 32"

 17:01 <ddstreet> thanks, yes that's true; please also keep in mind that all patching would should try to make things as easy as possible for the *next* person who has to look at the code; patching packages isn't *only* about fixing bugs, it's also about doing it in a way that's maintainable with the least friction as possible

 17:02 <ddstreet> anyone else have more q? rbasak sil2100 rafaeldtinoco teward?

 17:02 <rafaeldtinoco> no

 17:02 <sil2100> No questions here!

 17:02 <rbasak> None from me thanks (see abstaining comment above)

 17:03 <sil2100> (sorry, was busy with other meetings, eh)

 17:03 <ddstreet> #vote Packageset application for 'ubuntu-server' packageset for Athos Ribeiro

 17:03 <meetingology> Please vote on: Packageset application for 'ubuntu-server' packageset for Athos Ribeiro

 17:03 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 17:04 <ddstreet> +1 happy with technical work, good endorsements, and good understanding of process, certainly as far as ubuntu-server packages

 17:04 <meetingology> +1 happy with technical work, good endorsements, and good understanding of process, certainly as far as ubuntu-server packages received from ddstreet

 17:04 <ddstreet> you could probably apply for coredev pretty soon, as well

 17:05 <rafaeldtinoco> +1 for ubuntu-server, will get him good experience for core-dev application

 17:05 <meetingology> +1 for ubuntu-server, will get him good experience for core-dev application received from rafaeldtinoco

 17:05 <sil2100> +1 seeing all the positive endorsements and work done so far, I see no big reasons against! I'm sure you'll do the right thing when in doubt

 17:05 <meetingology> +1 seeing all the positive endorsements and work done so far, I see no big reasons against! I'm sure you'll do the right thing when in doubt received from sil2100

 17:06 <sil2100> Just remember about checking ALL the arches for SRUs next time... ;)

 17:06 <sil2100> (but also, don't worry too much - there's a lot of core-devs that forget as well!)

 17:07 <ddstreet> teward i think we're just waiting on your vote? since rbasak is abstaining

 17:07 <ddstreet> if you're still around

 17:08 <ddstreet> rbasak do you want to provide your vote, as it looks like teward had to leave?

 17:09 <rbasak> If we can't make an absolute majority even with my vote, then I think I need to abstain for now, sorry.

 17:09 <ddstreet> ack, let's give teward just another couple minutes then, since we're already over time

 17:11 <ddstreet> ok let's call it then

 17:11 <ddstreet> #endvote

 17:11 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Packageset application for 'ubuntu-server' packageset for Athos Ribeiro

 17:12 <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 17:12 <meetingology> Motion carried

 17:12 <ddstreet> so technically, it did not pass, as we were short on votes

 17:12 <rbasak> Oh, wait

 17:12 <rbasak> There were 3 +1s?

 17:12 <ddstreet> yes

 17:12 <rbasak> Sorry I miscounted

 17:12 <ddstreet> lol

 17:13 <ddstreet> you want to +1 so we can close it out now?

 17:13 <rbasak> In that case, +1, as everyone else still present is unanimous, and my vote will make quorum. That fits my regular abstention rule.

 17:13 <ddstreet> excellent, in that case the motion passes, congrats athos!

 17:13 <ddstreet> as we're over time, i'll take the action to make the changes and announce the results

 17:13 <ddstreet> unless anyone else wants to quickly volunteer

 17:14 <ddstreet> #action ddstreet change permissions for athos packageset application for ubuntu-server

 17:14 * meetingology ddstreet change permissions for athos packageset application for ubuntu-server

 17:14 <ddstreet> #action ddstreet announce athos successful application for ubuntu-sever packageset

 17:14 * meetingology ddstreet announce athos successful application for ubuntu-sever packageset

 17:15 <ddstreet> ok, so unfortunately we're now well over time, and we still have paride to consider for coredev

 17:15 <paride> :)

 17:15 <ddstreet> rbasak sil2100 rafaeldtinoco paride are *all* of you able to continue?

 17:15 <paride> I am

 17:16 <rbasak> I won't be here for long enough I don't think, unfortunately.

 17:16 <rafaeldtinoco> I can continue if others can

 17:16 <rbasak> However, since I'll be abstaining again, you don't really need me.

 17:16 <rbasak> (as an exception to normal)

 17:17 <ddstreet> paride so i think we won't be able to pass your application today, however we could proceed with questions and voting from at least rafaeldtinoco and myself, and then move the vote to the ML (and/or the next meeting)?

 17:17 <ddstreet> the alternative is just to reschedule the application to the next meeting

 17:17 <rafaeldtinoco> lets reschedule the meeting then

 17:17 <rbasak> So I suggest that you continue without me if you can, and if required and everyone else is unanimous, I can provide my +1 if I can. Otherwise if it goes to email, then I can do the same on the email thread later unless someone else is 0 or -1 within a reasonable amount of time.

 17:17 <ddstreet> paride if you're ok with that let's do it today?

 17:18 <paride> ddstreet, I am ok with that

 17:18 <rafaeldtinoco> alright

 17:18 <ddstreet> ok let's do it then :)

 17:18 <ddstreet> #topic Paride Legovini application for Ubuntu Core Developer

 17:18 <ddstreet> paride can you introduce yourself?

 17:18 <ddstreet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ParideLegovini/UbuntuCoreDeveloperApplication

 17:18 <paride> sure

 17:19 <paride> I'm Paride Legovini, in the ubuntu-server (and canonical-server) team since 2019.

 17:19 <paride> In the team I do QA and maintain the test infra for the server packages and for the projects developed by the team. But I also do packaging/distro work: merges, bug fixes, SRUs.

 17:19 <paride> I also maintain the ISO testing infra for Ubuntu Server, and doing ISO testing I also care about and sometimes touch the installer bits. I am also a Debian Developer.

 17:20 <ddstreet> thanks! rafaeldtinoco sil2100, any q?

 17:22 <rafaeldtinoco> not from me. I have directly worked with paride and I have confidence in his work. I think he even took too long to apply for core dev. Also, judging from his application page, I think he would be an awesome addition to core-dev team (should even have endorsed him but forgot to).

 17:24 <ddstreet> paride i have a couple minor q, both relating to sru work (since 99% of my work is in stable releases, that's almost always my focus)

 17:24 <ddstreet> first for this MR https://code.launchpad.net/~paride/ubuntu/+source/pmdk/+git/pmdk/+merge/407910

 17:25 <ddstreet> what's one thing that might make life significantly harder for the next person that looks at your changes?

 17:26 <paride> ddstreet, well that patch is build by several commits squashed together

 17:26 <paride> and that's the reason why there's no direct commit reference in the Origin: DEP3 header

 17:27 <paride> that's a reason for that:

 17:27 <paride> the commits fixing that bugs (and related) tests touched the same files in some occasions

 17:28 <paride> and quilt doesn't like different hunks in a single patch file to touch the same file

 17:28 <paride> I could have made different patches, one per commit, maybe numerated

 17:28 <ddstreet> how does using a single patch file improve maintainability over using separate patch files?

 17:29 <paride> well maybe it doesn't *really* improve it, but it has to be made clear that the separate patch files belong to the same "logical change" (bugfix in this case)

 17:29 <ddstreet> for context, i'm not on the ~ubuntu-sru team, but my day job is 'sustaining' ubuntu so this is mostly my only change to correct people's bad SRU behavior on things that too often make it through SRU review

 17:30 <ddstreet> ok so does using a single patch file make maintenance significantly worse?

 17:30 <sil2100> (no questions from me if anything)

 17:32 <paride> ddstreet, mmh I may be wrong of course, but I'd say there's no universal answer. I don't think squashing in a single patch files always makes maintenance worse (otherwise I wouldn't have done it)

 17:32 <ddstreet> ok but also it doesn't make it any better?

 17:33 <ddstreet> to ask it another way, when you would want to use one patch file per upstream commit, instead of squashing them all into a single patch file?

 17:34 <paride> if I don't expect to drop all of them at the same time

 17:34 <ddstreet> drop all of them?

 17:35 <ddstreet> i dont follow what you mean?

 17:35 <paride> sorry. Let's say there is a new upstream release, and a related new merge from Debian

 17:36 <paride> hmm ... well but you were speaking specifically about SRUs

 17:36 <ddstreet> let's talk generally then

 17:36 <ddstreet> is it *ever* good to use one quilt patch file per upstream commit, and also, is it *ever* good to squash multiple upstream commits into a single quilt patch?

 17:39 <paride> I'd say that if the upstream commits tackle with different aspects of an issue, and are somehow logically independent, it's good to keep them separated

 17:39 <ddstreet> i didn't expect this q to really go this long, so just to skip to the end, the answer is no, please don't ever squash multiple commits into a single patch file

 17:39 <ddstreet> that probably will make it past sru review, but trust me, it makes the life of future maintainers much harder

 17:40 <ddstreet> 1 quilt patch per upstream commit...PLEASE

 17:40 <paride> ddstreet, I doubt I'll forget this now! :)

 17:40 <ddstreet> lol

 17:41 <ddstreet> and re: logical grouping, i personally always name patches with the bug prefix if there's just 1 patch (e.g. lp123456-commit_desc.patch) and use a subdir for multiple patches (e.g. lp1234567/001-first.patch, lp1234567/0002-second.patch, etc)

 17:41 <ddstreet> just a suggestion that makes things much easier for me, that's not required

 17:41 <ddstreet> ok just one more q, and i know we're WAY over time now

 17:42 <ddstreet> in the SRU template, what does the 'Regression Potential' or 'Where Problems Could Occur' section mean? what needs to go in there?

 17:44 <paride> ddstreet, there we should assess what would happen is the proposed change is itself wrong or broken

 17:44 <paride> it basically challenges the assumptions that justify the SRUability of the fix

 17:45 <paride> which is normally expected not to have regression. That section deals with the unexpected consequences of the SRU.

 17:45 <ddstreet> so for example, in this bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/postfix/+bug/1906970

 17:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906970 in postfix (Debian) "[SRU] dpkg hook hostname error" [Unknown, New]

 17:45 <ddstreet> would you change anything about the answer there?

 17:46 <paride> I'd remove the generic "very low" bit

 17:46 <ddstreet> ok thanks

 17:47 <ddstreet> and i apologize for even asking, as it's kind of a trick question as almost *everyone* sometimes gets that section wrong...personally i'd like to see the ~ubuntu-sru team just remove it from the SRU template entirely :-/

 17:48 <ddstreet> ok let's move to voting then, and sorry for delaying the vote even longer

 17:48 <ddstreet> #vote Paride Legovini application for Ubuntu Core Developer

 17:48 <meetingology> Please vote on: Paride Legovini application for Ubuntu Core Developer

 17:48 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 17:49 <ddstreet> +1 strong yes, very good technical work, good endorsements, strong understanding of process, all my concerns were trivial(ish) nit-picks, certainly ready for coredev

 17:49 <meetingology> +1 strong yes, very good technical work, good endorsements, strong understanding of process, all my concerns were trivial(ish) nit-picks, certainly ready for coredev received from ddstreet

 17:50 <sil2100> +1

 17:50 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 17:50 <ddstreet> rafaeldtinoco still around?

 17:50 <rafaeldtinoco> yep

 17:50 <rafaeldtinoco> +1 strong yes based in my experience working together

 17:50 <meetingology> +1 strong yes based in my experience working together received from rafaeldtinoco

 17:51 <ddstreet> rbasak it's three +1, if you're still around for a fourth?

 17:51 <rafaeldtinoco> (im not @ canonical any more so I can say that =)

 17:51 <paride> thanks Rafael :-)

 17:52 <ddstreet> ok so i suspect that's all the votes we will get today, which isn't enough to pass now, but i'm fairly sure rbasak will give his +1 by email

 17:53 <ddstreet> he did say he would provide a +1 but just for the sake of process, let's get it officially from him in email

 17:53 <ddstreet> #endvote

 17:53 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Paride Legovini application for Ubuntu Core Developer

 17:53 <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 17:53 <meetingology> Motion carried

 17:53 <paride> thanks to you all for staying so long!

 17:53 <ddstreet> again not yet carried, but i expect it will pass in the next day or so once we get one more +1

 17:54 <ddstreet> sorry for taking so long!

 17:54 <ddstreet> #action carry vote for paride to ML list for final +1

 17:54 * meetingology carry vote for paride to ML list for final +1

 17:54 <ddstreet> #undo

 17:54 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 17:54 <rafaeldtinoco> paride: "almost" welcome =) I hope you get another +1

 17:54 <ddstreet> #action ddstreet carry vote for paride to ML list for final +1

 17:54 * meetingology ddstreet carry vote for paride to ML list for final +1

 17:54 <paride> rafaeldtinoco, thanks! :)

 17:54 <rafaeldtinoco> ddstreet: thanks for chairing AND for managing this action

 17:54 <ddstreet> i am sure you will paride so, pre-emptive congratulations :)

 17:55 <paride> \o/

 17:55 <ddstreet> ok let's move on i think we are almost done

 17:55 <ddstreet> #topic change to DMB meeting day/time (ddstreet)

 17:55 <ddstreet> this is done; i also started ML discussion around changing the 19:00 UTC mtgs

 17:55 <ddstreet> #topic next chair

 17:56 <ddstreet> geez who knows on this...not sure if the chairing list really is useful anymore, at least currently

 17:56 <ddstreet> #topic AOB

 17:56 <rafaeldtinoco> hahah

 17:56 <ddstreet> #topic officially cancel Dec 27 meeting?

 17:56 <rafaeldtinoco> YES

 17:57 <rafaeldtinoco> ill be drinking margheritas :P

 17:57 <rafaeldtinoco> on the beach with kids

 17:57 <ddstreet> rafaeldtinoco damn you, southern-hemisphere! it's cold here! ;-)

 17:57 <rafaeldtinoco> =o)

 17:57 <ddstreet> ok so i think that mtg is *officially* canceled.

 17:58 <rafaeldtinoco> i'd say its safe to consider that

 17:58 <ddstreet> #action ddstreet add note in agenda that the dec 27 mtg officially canceled

 17:58 * meetingology ddstreet add note in agenda that the dec 27 mtg officially canceled

 17:59 <ddstreet> i'll also note that i would like to hold just a pro-forma session that day, to run out the 6-meeting absence counter that we previously established...i'd like to start recruiting new members asap in the new year

 17:59 <ddstreet> but none of our 'normally attending' members need to show up

 17:59 <ddstreet> nothing else from me, anything else before we close?

 17:59 <ddstreet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)