=== teward is now known as Guest466
=== fnordahl_ is now known as fnordahl
=== rbasak_ is now known as rbasak
=== genii-core is now known as genii
=== Guest466 is now known as teward
[19:00] <ddstreet> o/
[19:02] <ddstreet> well this is a bad sign for the dmb meeting
[19:02] <teward> *yawns*
[19:02] <teward> sue me i'm up to my neck in Powershell for Exchange at FT job :P
[19:03] <teward> and I know rbasak is around today but
[19:03] <rbasak> o/
[19:03] <teward> ddstreet: is there anything on the agenda we really need to address though?
[19:03] <ddstreet> doesn't appear so, no applications
[19:03] <teward> there is one thing that needs to bebrought to the attention of the DMB
[19:03] <ddstreet> though the agenda needs cleaning up with updates from the last mtg
[19:04] <teward> and it's a global membership revision decision/edict from the CC
[19:04] <teward> but we don't need a full meeting for it
[19:04] <teward> and CC will be blasting to fridge, etc. with the changes
[19:04] <teward> 'soon ish'
[19:04] <ddstreet> like clearing out accounts no longer participating?
[19:04] <teward> lol
[19:05] <ddstreet> or something else?
[19:05] <teward> THAT is not a decision that we've made on the CC level.
[19:05] <teward> it's something else
[19:05] <ddstreet> ah ok
[19:05] <teward> related to the recent... we'll call them 'incidents'... CC has had to handle RE: CoC violations, and a proposal brought forth to simplify CoC signature acceptance on LP (so that non-technical applicants can not be barred from joining because they don't understand the GPG stuff)
[19:05] <teward> but it's a global change.
[19:05] <teward> i'll just prod the -dmb channel with relevant links
[19:06] <teward> rbasak got a note from me on PM about it
[19:06] <ddstreet> ack
[19:06] <ddstreet> so guess we can skip this week's dmb mtg then?
[19:07] <rbasak> +1
[19:08] <ddstreet> let's call it then, see you all in 2 weeks, thanks o/
[19:09] <teward> ddstreet: yep no meeting needed :)
[19:09] <rbasak> So on the CoC / membership thing, I'm thinking we'll need some tooling to help.
[19:10] <rbasak> I'm pondering some kind of report generator that takes a devel-permissions@ post, applicant LP id, and upload access requested. And it'd output some standard stuff, like "already an Ubuntu member" and things like that.
[19:11] <rbasak> It could also generate a sponsorship miner link and anything else we want automatically available.
[19:11] <rbasak> And then we'd hopefully get used to having that, and therefore note the required actions.
=== genii is now known as genii-core
