#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by NCommander at 15:00:14 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-01-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20110901   (NCommander, 15:00:35)
 *Action Items

 *NCommander to duplicate 806751 to the right masterbug

 *Standing Items
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel.html   (NCommander, 15:03:47)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html   (NCommander, 15:04:02)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20110825 - the links are the same!  (NCommander, 15:05:39)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html   (GrueMaster, 15:06:12)

 *ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 *Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 *AOB
''ACTION:'' NCommander to add linaro topic during meeting before QA  (NCommander, 15:58:43)



Meeting ended at 16:02:48 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * NCommander to add linaro topic during meeting before QA



== Action items, by person ==

 * NCommander
 ** NCommander to add linaro topic during meeting before QA



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (124)
 * NCommander (46)
 * ppisati (46)
 * rsalveti (41)
 * GrueMaster (40)
 * infinity (23)
 * meetingology (4)
 * cmagina (4)
 * ahs3 (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * skaet (1)
 * davidm (1)
 * Daviey (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:14 <NCommander> #startmeeting

 15:00:14 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  1 15:00:14 2011 UTC.  The chair is NCommander. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:14 <meetingology> 

 15:00:14 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:35 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20110901

 15:01:51 <NCommander> #topic Action Items

 15:02:02 <NCommander> [topic] NCommander to duplicate 806751 to the right masterbug

 15:02:37 <ogra_> i think GrueMaster did that meanwhile

 15:02:42 <NCommander> I couldn't find th eoriginal guided partitioning bug which is a dupe of 806751. Its posible it got closed by someone else, but I couldn't flush it out with Google

 15:03:25 <GrueMaster> So keep this one open until fixed.

 15:03:31 <ogra_> ++

 15:03:31 <NCommander> [topic] Standing Items

 15:03:35 <NCommander> GrueMaster: I intend to

 15:03:47 <NCommander> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel.html

 15:03:55 <ogra_> would it help if we just filled the netboot images with zeros ?

 15:04:02 <NCommander> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html

 15:04:08 * ogra_ needs to move WIs ....

 15:04:10 * NCommander beats ogra with a stick

 15:04:34 * ogra_ beats NCommander to use the right links

 15:04:59 <NCommander> ogra_: you can update the wiki with it

 15:05:04 <GrueMaster> Yes please.  These workitems show nothing being done by me, which is highly inaccurate.

 15:05:04 <ogra_> can you update them in the wiki ? (i did that for last week, why didnt you carry that over=

 15:05:11 <ogra_> NCommander, i did !

 15:05:17 <NCommander> ogra_: i copied the page from last week and edited it

 15:05:39 <NCommander> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20110825 - the links are the same!

 15:05:50 <ogra_> well, i updated the one i used when i was running the meeting rercentlY

 15:06:08 <NCommander> which was the 25th :-P, did you hit save?

 15:06:10 <ogra_> I DID IT DURING TEH MEETING (AND FILED THEM TWOCE ACTUALLY)

 15:06:12 <GrueMaster> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html

 15:06:14 <ogra_> ARGH

 15:06:19 <ogra_> MY CAPS IS BROKEN

 15:06:29 <ogra_> ah, better, sorry

 15:06:31 <NCommander> ogra_: hold shift? :-)

 15:07:27 <NCommander> what's the correct overall link so I can save it into the page?

 15:07:45 <ogra_> see above :)

 15:07:51 <ogra_> GrueMaster, pasted the right one

 15:08:03 <NCommander> I mean what's the replacement for http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel.html

 15:08:04 <ogra_> its just s/armel/arm/

 15:08:08 <NCommander> oh

 15:08:11 <ogra_> status.ubuntu.com

 15:08:30 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 15:08:35 <NCommander> links fixed

 15:08:40 <ogra_> :)

 15:09:14 <ogra_> preinstaleld pool misbehaves on preinstalled server ...

 15:09:21 <ogra_> *installed

 15:09:23 <NCommander> OMAP3 images are currently suffering from some ethernet issues. It looks like the root cause of the SMP ARM issue has been found (L2 caching issues), with a patch being tested

 15:09:29 <ogra_> but infinity is on it i guess

 15:10:07 <ogra_> NCommander, we are using the patch in ac100 already ... USB disk access went from 7M/s to 19M/s for me

 15:10:13 <NCommander> \o/

 15:10:25 <ogra_> so it should help panda the same way

 15:10:30 <NCommander> _\o/_

 15:10:34 <ogra_> or other SMP arms

 15:10:46 <ogra_> are these your legs ?!?

 15:10:57 * NCommander shrugs

 15:11:07 <NCommander> I claim many talents

 15:11:17 <infinity> ...

 15:11:21 * ogra_ cant imagine NCommander doing the splits really

 15:11:32 <infinity> This meeting just got weird.

 15:11:36 <ogra_> lol

 15:11:39 <ogra_> move then :)

 15:11:39 <ppisati> :)

 15:11:43 <NCommander> It usually happens when the chair is sleep deprieved

 15:11:55 <NCommander> [topic] Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:12:23 <ppisati> as already said, Ming posted a patch that fixes the disk i/o problem

 15:12:38 <ppisati> i'm rolling a new omap4 kernel with a new BSP

 15:12:42 <ppisati> and that patch too

 15:12:55 <ppisati> should be out available on zinc today or tomorrow

 15:13:02 * davidm waives

 15:13:20 <ppisati> on the other hand, another round of new kernels for every release/flavour is being pushed out

 15:13:32 <ogra_> sound seems to get critical

 15:13:39 <ogra_> there are no devices at all

 15:13:39 <ppisati> i know

 15:13:52 <ppisati> it's on my list

 15:14:00 <GrueMaster> Hopefully the new bsp fixes it.

 15:14:03 <ppisati> it has been disabled on purpose

 15:14:05 <ogra_> and we surely will need some time for adjusting userspace

 15:14:20 <ppisati> actually the new kernel introduced new options

 15:14:27 <ogra_> ppisati, thats fine, but we need it back soon, else the alsa changes and pulkse fixes come to late

 15:14:28 <ppisati> and these options (as per defaultconfig)

 15:14:39 <ppisati> break omapfb

 15:14:45 <ogra_> and i would like that we after three releases finally have one with working sound

 15:14:50 <ppisati> ogra_: i can turn it on now

 15:15:01 <ppisati> ogra_: but then pulseaudio will go nuts

 15:15:05 <ogra_> do that and lest see how userspace explodes :)

 15:15:11 <ppisati> ooooooook :)

 15:15:13 <ppisati> so

 15:15:16 <ppisati> i push out the new kernel

 15:15:23 <ppisati> and then i revert the "no sound" config

 15:15:24 <ogra_> well, because fo kernel bugs or pulse bugs ?

 15:15:29 <ppisati> pulse

 15:15:41 <ogra_> if its pulse side we actually want it to break

 15:15:48 <ppisati> ok, i'll do that then

 15:15:49 <ogra_> so we can see if its fixed at some point ;)

 15:16:01 <ogra_> and we have a pulse guy in #ubuntu-arm atm

 15:16:04 <GrueMaster> We can't break the apps if there is no driver support.

 15:16:09 <ogra_> yeah

 15:16:14 <ppisati> yep

 15:16:20 <NCommander> +1

 15:16:36 <ppisati> but i din't want to push out a kernrl that would break everyone who updated

 15:16:41 <ppisati> i hoped for a fix

 15:16:51 <ppisati> but anyway, let's turn it on again

 15:16:54 <ppisati> and have fun :)

 15:16:58 <NCommander> ppisati: sometimes the best way to get that is to break the world

 15:16:59 <GrueMaster> Better to do it now than after release.

 15:17:14 <ogra_> on a sidenote ac100 kernel is pending a new git checkout, i will do that after beta (some time next week)

 15:17:17 <NCommander> anything else?

 15:17:24 <ogra_> nothing else here

 15:17:32 <GrueMaster> As long as it still boots, it can be debugged and fixed.

 15:18:42 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:19:10 <ogra_> well, apart from omap3 netboot everything we built for beta1 is releasable

 15:19:24 <ogra_> mx5 waits for the milestone freeze to fall

 15:19:26 <NCommander> ogra_: omap3 has a documented workaround, and the ethernet partially works

 15:19:28 <ogra_> same for ac100

 15:19:42 <GrueMaster> Yes

 15:19:51 <ogra_> NCommander, oh, telll that in -release please, i marked it as unreleasable

 15:20:07 <NCommander> ogra_: I poked skaet last night but no ping reply

 15:20:07 <GrueMaster> omap3 is workable.  Painfull but workable.

 15:20:17 <ogra_> all i read was "beagle netboot is unbootable after install"

 15:20:20 <infinity> Little late, we just released.

 15:20:21 <GrueMaster> I told her as much yesterday.

 15:20:31 <GrueMaster> sigh.

 15:20:37 <NCommander> oh well

 15:20:38 <ogra_> NCommander, i updated the pad this morning after checking the images and isotracker

 15:20:51 <ogra_> so its marked as NO on the pad atm

 15:21:22 <ogra_> btw, could we pretty please stick to do *all* image testing conversation in #ubuntu-arm

 15:21:24 <GrueMaster> And you didn't ask me what the situation was?  And didn't read the bug info?

 15:21:35 <ogra_> so its in logs and retrievable later

 15:22:07 <ogra_> GrueMaster, all i saw was a non passed test with two blocker bugs and there was no conversation about testing in any public channel

 15:22:20 <ogra_> so i could only judge by the data i had

 15:22:47 <skaet> We can still pull images if we need to.

 15:22:47 <GrueMaster> Who did you want me to talk to?  Myself?

 15:23:13 <infinity> Meh.  It's not the end of the world.

 15:23:16 <GrueMaster> And there was some minor discussion on #ubuntu-release.

 15:23:22 <ogra_> GrueMaster, you mean me ?

 15:23:29 <infinity> We can push that image out with beta, or we can not care.  Both are valid options.

 15:23:46 <ogra_> GrueMaster, well, i see about 3h of conversation in #arm from last night

 15:24:46 <GrueMaster> iso tracker currently indicates that netboot-omap is rebuilding???

 15:24:55 <ogra_> heh

 15:25:02 <ogra_> probably a d-i uplaod

 15:25:17 <ogra_> cant avoid it if there is a rebuild for another arch

 15:25:25 <NCommander> anything else w.r.t to images?

 15:25:35 <ogra_> nope

 15:25:35 <GrueMaster> omap4 isn't rebuilding though.

 15:25:50 <ogra_> tracker issue i would say then

 15:26:46 <rsalveti> sorry, late, ogra_ enabling sound at omap 4 will make pulseaudio to consume 100% of the cpu

 15:27:01 <rsalveti> the image will be unusable

 15:27:04 <ogra_> rsalveti, fine, so there is a reason to fix it

 15:27:30 <rsalveti> there's always the reason to fix it, just don't know if enabling it now would be the best choice

 15:27:32 <ogra_> rsalveti, we have a pulse maintainer in #ubuntu-arm, how would he fix it without being able to reproduce

 15:27:39 <rsalveti> as it'll probably block desktop testing

 15:27:50 <infinity> We need a chance to fix it sometime.

 15:28:00 <rsalveti> for that ppisati can produce new packages and make it available at a ppa/people.canonical

 15:28:05 <rsalveti> just my 2 cents

 15:28:07 <infinity> And if we can't, disabling/crippling Pulse on ARM is saner than a kernel with missing drivers.

 15:28:12 <ppisati> well, actually he could roll his own kernel

 15:28:15 <ogra_> tobin knows how to chmod -x a binary on the image before testing i bet :)

 15:28:16 <ppisati> with audio enabled

 15:28:16 <infinity> If the userspace is broken, fix or disable the userspace.

 15:28:27 <ogra_> fix is the attempt

 15:28:46 <infinity> s/on ARM/on OMAP4/

 15:28:50 <ogra_> rsalveti, the prob is that alsaucm isnt done either yet

 15:28:55 <rsalveti> yup

 15:29:05 <rsalveti> the linaro multimedia working group is on it for this month

 15:29:18 <ogra_> do they fix it in the archive ?

 15:29:19 <rsalveti> don't expect them to fix it, but they should know how to get it done for oneiric in some sort

 15:29:37 * ogra_ knows how to get it done ... i know that every release ...

 15:29:44 <ogra_> ... about a week before release sady

 15:29:47 <ogra_> *sadly

 15:29:53 <ogra_> :P

 15:29:57 <rsalveti> :-)

 15:30:08 <rsalveti> anyway, we have a bug for that already, let me find it

 15:30:10 <ogra_> i want to have that sorted eralier this time

 15:30:30 <ogra_> preferably minimally working sound for b2

 15:30:48 <rsalveti> bug 816638

 15:30:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 816638 in Linaro-Ubuntu "Pulseaudio consumes 100% of the cpu when trying to play a sound with natty's linaro LEB and 3.0.0-1402-linaro-lt-omap " [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/816638

 15:30:51 <ppisati> rsalveti: while here

 15:31:04 <ppisati> rsalveti: the new tilt introduced a DRM_OMAP option

 15:31:16 <ppisati> rsalveti: and updateconfigs put it =m

 15:31:24 <ppisati> rsalveti: but doing this we loose omapfb

 15:31:37 <rsalveti> ppisati: put it as =y and replace omapfb

 15:31:39 <ppisati> rsalveti: do you know what's the correct config in this case?

 15:31:49 <ppisati> rsalveti: DRM_OMAP?

 15:31:56 <rsalveti> ppisati: yes

 15:32:08 <rsalveti> ppisati: but test it first, I wasn't able to test the new drm driver still

 15:32:17 <rsalveti> but it's fine to just replace omapfb

 15:32:17 <ppisati> rsalveti: well

 15:32:26 <ppisati> X doesn't start in my case

 15:32:35 <ppisati> insist in trying to use omapfb

 15:32:43 <ppisati> and my fb console is powered on

 15:32:44 <rsalveti> ppisati: let's follow this off-line

 15:32:48 <ppisati> but nothing is printed

 15:32:50 <ppisati> ok

 15:32:54 <rsalveti> I want to check it with the leb images today too

 15:33:32 <ppisati> if you want i can push it as is to zinc

 15:33:41 <ppisati> you can take a look at the config

 15:33:46 <rsalveti> ppisati: please at least make it available at a git tree somewhere

 15:33:48 <ppisati> and tell me what do i have to tweak

 15:33:49 <rsalveti> and paste me the link :-)

 15:34:02 <NCommander> anything else?

 15:34:03 <ppisati> that was the plan, ok

 15:35:03 <rsalveti> NCommander: move

 15:35:04 * Daviey says hello?

 15:35:16 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:35:43 <ogra_> libx86 is still ftbts !!!!

 15:35:49 <ogra_> :)

 15:36:05 <ogra_> oh, why does the kernel fail

 15:36:13 <infinity> They're on it.

 15:36:19 <ogra_> ah, k

 15:36:20 <GrueMaster> Yea, we need that to help debug libdrm-intel.

 15:36:22 <infinity> They accidentally enforced an x86-only config.

 15:36:26 <ogra_> looks good so far

 15:36:32 <ppisati> rsalveti: git://kernel.ubuntu.com/ppisati/ubuntu-oneiric.git ti-omap4-next

 15:36:45 <rsalveti> ppisati: thanks

 15:37:04 <ogra_> apart from likewise, NCommander Daviey, is that ciritical in any respect ?

 15:37:09 <rsalveti> should finally be able to post the ftbfs bugs for the rebuild late today

 15:37:12 <infinity> NCommander: Did I hear talk earlier in the week (or last week) that the likewise-open failure was a repeat of one you'd fixed earlier?

 15:37:13 <ogra_> for server

 15:37:24 <ogra_> infinity, twice iirc

 15:37:28 <NCommander> infinity: several times :-/

 15:37:34 <infinity> So, easy to upload a fix?

 15:37:38 <NCommander> no

 15:37:44 <ogra_> do we even still use it in server ?

 15:38:08 <infinity> ogra_: It's in main.  "Use it in server" doesn't mean much, since we install nothing by default. :P

 15:38:40 <ogra_> it used to be in the server ship seed ... which kept it in main

 15:38:56 <ogra_> i'm just wondering if its still needed

 15:39:00 <ogra_> or wanted

 15:39:00 <GrueMaster> Since it works with active directory, it should be fixed and tested (why did I say that?)

 15:39:12 <ogra_> a volunteer !

 15:39:23 <GrueMaster> damn.

 15:39:38 <ogra_> heh

 15:40:10 <infinity> Well, the upshot is that he can physically assault NCommander to find his old patches.

 15:40:13 <infinity> Anyhow.  Moving on?

 15:40:20 <ogra_> yeah

 15:40:40 <ogra_> NCommander, ?

 15:41:33 <GrueMaster> ........

 15:43:27 <NCommander> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 15:43:45 * NCommander was being yelled at by the local powers that be

 15:44:03 <GrueMaster> Not much testing has been going on with the preinstalled images due to the workload on server testing.

 15:44:03 <ogra_> yell back !

 15:44:26 * ogra_ noticed that as well

 15:44:48 <ogra_> in the past we all were jack of all trades somehow in the team ...

 15:45:05 <ogra_> over time we all have our special focus and somehow nobody but you tests regulary

 15:45:12 <ogra_> that used to be different in the past

 15:45:16 <GrueMaster> On the server side, a lot of tests have had to be created from scratch as there hasn't been tests in those areas.

 15:45:35 <ogra_> i was wondering if we should have a rotating schedule for non QA people to have regular test tasks

 15:46:07 <GrueMaster> iSCSI somehow breaks the kernel to lock up the system.  Appears to be initiator side only.

 15:46:15 <infinity> We should all be testing more as we near the home stretch, I suspect.

 15:46:22 <ogra_> i know that if i personally test i also fix the bugs as i catch them sometimes ...

 15:46:25 <infinity> Well, unless we're to busy fixing RC bugs. :/

 15:46:33 <GrueMaster> That would help.  Especially if someone just popped in the desktop image once a week.

 15:46:39 <ogra_> so it helps to have devs do reguzlar testing :)

 15:47:13 <ogra_> GrueMaster, lets work ouot a plan that doesnt put to much extra work on each individual but makes sure we get regular dev testing too

 15:47:19 <ogra_> (offline)

 15:47:22 <GrueMaster> In previous cycles, I would do deep testing between releases, filing bugs and taking notes.  Then at release time, I would list all the bugs still open.

 15:47:32 <GrueMaster> ok

 15:47:59 <ogra_> that was all from me

 15:48:17 <GrueMaster> On the server side, I would still like it if someone could take a look at tahi.org and port the ipv6 test suite to Linux (from BSD).

 15:48:51 <GrueMaster> Or at least give me some sort of tangible test plan.  Currently there is none.

 15:49:32 <ogra_> bah, why dont they have one big tarball

 15:49:55 <ogra_> each test seems to have its own

 15:50:03 <cmagina> GrueMaster: tahi is looking to be quite a bit of work to port at least for one who is unfamiliar with the code.

 15:50:31 <GrueMaster> Tell me about it.  I had started doing it myself, and I am not much of a programmer.

 15:50:33 <cmagina> GrueMaster: the suse package contains one giant patch to port it

 15:50:35 <ogra_> whats there to port actually ?

 15:50:55 <ogra_> it operates in userspace on top of a defined protocol

 15:51:05 <ogra_> oh, its bsd only ?

 15:51:09 <cmagina> yeah

 15:51:10 * ogra_ didnt get that

 15:51:12 <ogra_> sorry

 15:51:38 <ahs3> it's got bsd-ism's all over the place...nasty to port...

 15:51:45 <GrueMaster> I did hours of searching for a linux test suite.  The suse port was all I could find, and it is old.

 15:51:49 <cmagina> i started to poke around to see if there are any alternatives, haven't seen one yet

 15:51:54 <ogra_> and there is no equivalent tool onm linux ?

 15:52:03 <ogra_> hrm

 15:52:19 <infinity> While I agree that there's some value in a decent IPv6 test suite, we clearly don't have one on amd64/i386 either...

 15:52:27 <infinity> So, I'm not sure this task is ours to worry about. :P

 15:52:30 * ogra_ doubts thats really 11.10 material then

 15:53:00 <ahs3> no, no real equivalent.  and TAHI is the only org willing to give out any sort of certification for ipv6

 15:53:21 <GrueMaster> I'll look to see if there is at least some documentation for enabling ipv6 dns/dhcp and do some rudamentary testing from there.

 15:53:56 <GrueMaster> Our server testing is very lacking overall (not just on arm).

 15:54:42 <GrueMaster> The few we have is highly dependent on libvirt/kvm, which doesn't help armel testing.

 15:55:04 <ogra_> cant libvirt deal with actual qemu VMs too ?

 15:55:23 <ogra_> would be slow as hell indeed

 15:55:53 <infinity> It can.

 15:55:56 <GrueMaster> Not sure, but I don't trust qemu to do a lot of these tests.  I don't trust kvm for the same reason.  Too much can break on raw silicon.

 15:55:59 <ogra_> i thought so

 15:56:27 <ogra_> well, kvm us just qemu with kernel side support

 15:57:19 <ogra_> anyway, we're running out of time

 15:57:24 <ogra_> NCommander, ?

 15:57:33 <NCommander> [topic] AOB

 15:57:40 * rsalveti waves

 15:57:50 <rsalveti> as I said in the private channel

 15:57:59 <rsalveti> I'd like to have a topic just related with linaro

 15:58:05 <ppisati> anyone coming to plumbers?

 15:58:06 <rsalveti> so I can explain what we're planning to deliver

 15:58:11 <ogra_> ++

 15:58:13 <rsalveti> and improve the communication with the ubuntu arm team

 15:58:16 <ogra_> NCommander, can you add that

 15:58:22 <NCommander> k

 15:58:29 <infinity> ppisati: I'm at Plumbers.

 15:58:34 <GrueMaster> before QA.

 15:58:43 <NCommander> [action] NCommander to add linaro topic during meeting before QA

 15:58:43 * meetingology NCommander to add linaro topic during meeting before QA

 15:58:55 <GrueMaster> :D

 15:59:03 <rsalveti> great

 15:59:12 <rsalveti> for this month we're just about to finish the 11.09 planning

 15:59:13 <ogra_> now GrueMaster can sleep longer :)

 15:59:24 <GrueMaster> Pfft.  hardly.

 15:59:30 <rsalveti> mostly related with CI work, so nothing that will touch ubuntu atm

 15:59:41 <ppisati> infinity: so, see you there :)

 15:59:42 <ogra_> CI ?

 15:59:50 <rsalveti> and for u-boot we may have more PXE working platforms and USB working at SPL as omap4boot

 15:59:53 <rsalveti> continuous integration

 15:59:58 <ogra_> ah

 16:00:05 <ogra_> i thought common interface :)

 16:00:08 <rsalveti> the idea is to build daily packages for kernel/u-boot and feed that at lava

 16:00:14 <ogra_> its the only context i ever herad CI in

 16:00:16 <rsalveti> to get properly tested before landing at ubuntu and such

 16:00:27 * GrueMaster had guessed Crazy Ideas.

 16:00:31 <rsalveti> but for u-boot it may be quite late for the cycle

 16:00:32 <ogra_> hehe

 16:00:57 <rsalveti> the only thing that we know for sure that will hit ubuntu is the linux-linaro kernel packages update

 16:01:03 <GrueMaster> rsalveti: Will we have usb/pxe on beagleXM?

 16:01:05 <rsalveti> that should reflect the ones released at 11.08

 16:01:25 <rsalveti> GrueMaster: idea is to have it working at beagle xM, igepv2, vexpress and imx53

 16:01:37 <GrueMaster> cool

 16:01:48 <ogra_> vexpress ftw ... that could go with a libvirt setup :)

 16:02:24 <infinity> We may be out of time.

 16:02:26 <rsalveti> but that's all from my side

 16:02:35 <rsalveti> I'm done ;-)

 16:02:40 <ogra_> infinity, may be ? we are definitely ... :)

 16:02:43 <NCommander> anything else or can I clsoe it out?

 16:02:47 <ogra_> go

 16:02:48 <NCommander> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)