#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by Laney at 14:12:42 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-19-14.12.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *micahg to ping all packageset teams to get a description we can use for future changes  (Laney, 14:13:19)

 *Package set application: desktop-extra
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2011-December/000315.html   (Laney, 14:18:06)
''ACTION:'' stgraber to create desktop-extra set  (Laney, 14:27:09)

 *Ubuntu Core Developer reapplication for Daniel T Chen

 *AOB

 *chair for next meeting
''ACTION:'' bdrung to talk to the TB about harmonising DMB members' expiration dates for easier restaffing  (Laney, 14:47:58)



Meeting ended at 14:48:51 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Create desktop-extra packageset with description "Every package that is NOT in ubuntu-desktop, desktop-core or core, but needed for a vanilla GNOME. Vanilla GNOME is defined by upstream in gnome-suites-core, gnome-suites-core-deps, and gnome-apps: http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/tree/modulesets" and initial packages "abiword accerciser alacarte anjuta caribou cheese clutter ekiga epiphany-browser fonts-cantarell f-spot ...
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * stgraber to create desktop-extra set
 * bdrung to talk to the TB about harmonising DMB members' expiration dates for easier restaffing



== Action items, by person ==

 * bdrung
 ** bdrung to talk to the TB about harmonising DMB members' expiration dates for easier restaffing
 * stgraber
 ** stgraber to create desktop-extra set



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (70)
 * tumbleweed (22)
 * micahg (21)
 * bdrung (19)
 * meetingology (15)
 * stgraber (10)



== Full Log ==


 14:12:42 <Laney> #startmeeting

 14:12:42 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 19 14:12:42 2011 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 14:12:42 <meetingology> 

 14:12:42 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:13:07 <Laney> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:13:16 <Laney> [ignoring cody's one]

 14:13:19 <Laney> #subtopic micahg to ping all packageset teams to get a description we can use for future changes

 14:13:35 <micahg> so, I did start this this time :)

 14:13:45 * Laney got a mail indeed :-)

 14:14:09 <micahg> I got the answer back from the bzr packageset, how should we do this?  should we take a quick vote on the criteria for the packageset?

 14:14:31 <micahg> or should I propose the criteria to the ML and vote at the next meeting?

 14:14:42 <Laney> I guess post to ML and have a confirmation vote next time

 14:14:49 <micahg> ok, sounds good

 14:15:02 <Laney> sweet

 14:15:22 <Laney> did you send them all out or are some left to do?

 14:15:54 <micahg> I think the only one that's left was the kernel one (I also didn't send for the mozilla packageset, but having a conversation with oneself is kinda boring :))

 14:15:59 <Laney> heh

 14:16:13 <Laney> ok, good work

 14:16:36 <Laney> #topic Package set application: desktop-extra

 14:17:05 <Laney> jbicha isn't here, but I think we can go on anyway

 14:17:08 <Laney> did you see my mail?

 14:17:21 <tumbleweed> yup, just read it

 14:17:22 <Laney> let me bounce it to devel-permissions to make it public

 14:17:26 <micahg> yes

 14:18:06 <Laney> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2011-December/000315.html

 14:18:21 <Laney> WDYT to that list and description then?

 14:19:02 <tumbleweed> description works for me

 14:19:55 <micahg> yeah, I think that's fine

 14:20:02 <tumbleweed> list too

 14:20:49 <Laney> bdrung: stgraber: ?

 14:20:54 <stgraber> looks good

 14:21:20 <bdrung> looks good

 14:23:43 <Laney> ok, one second

 14:25:40 <Laney> #vote Create desktop-extra packageset with description "Every package that is NOT in ubuntu-desktop, desktop-core or core, but needed for a vanilla GNOME. Vanilla GNOME is defined by upstream in gnome-suites-core, gnome-suites-core-deps, and gnome-apps: http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/tree/modulesets" and initial packages "abiword accerciser alacarte anjuta caribou cheese clutter ekiga epiphany-browser fonts-cantarell f-spot ...

 14:25:40 <meetingology> Please vote on: Create desktop-extra packageset with description "Every package that is NOT in ubuntu-desktop, desktop-core or core, but needed for a vanilla GNOME. Vanilla GNOME is defined by upstream in gnome-suites-core, gnome-suites-core-deps, and gnome-apps: http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/tree/modulesets" and initial packages "abiword accerciser alacarte anjuta caribou cheese clutter ekiga epiphany-browser fonts-cantarell f-spot ...

 14:25:40 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 14:25:46 <Laney> ... gdm ghex gjs gnome-backgrounds gnome-color-manager gnome-contacts gnome-devel-docs gnome-documents gnome-icon-theme-extras gnome-packagekit gnome-scan gnome-shell gnome-sushi gnome-tweak-tool gnome-video-effects gnote gnumeric goffice gthumb gtksourceviewmm gupnp-av gupnp-dlna gupnp-vala java-gnome libchamplain monkey-bubble mutter mx nemiver opal packagekit ptlib rygel seed sound-juicer tomboy tracker" and initial member ...

 14:25:52 <Laney> ... ~ubuntu-desktop

 14:25:54 <Laney> :-)

 14:25:57 <Laney> +1

 14:25:57 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 14:26:07 <micahg> +1

 14:26:07 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 14:26:08 <tumbleweed> +1

 14:26:08 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 14:26:11 <stgraber> +1

 14:26:11 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 14:26:25 <bdrung> +1

 14:26:25 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 14:26:31 <Laney> #endvote

 14:26:31 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Create desktop-extra packageset with description "Every package that is NOT in ubuntu-desktop, desktop-core or core, but needed for a vanilla GNOME. Vanilla GNOME is defined by upstream in gnome-suites-core, gnome-suites-core-deps, and gnome-apps: http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/tree/modulesets" and initial packages "abiword accerciser alacarte anjuta caribou cheese clutter ekiga epiphany-browser fonts-cantarell f-spot ...

 14:26:31 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 14:26:31 <meetingology> Motion carried

 14:26:44 <Laney> sweeeeeeet

 14:26:49 <Laney> stgraber: can you take the action to create that?

 14:27:00 <stgraber> yeah, already started doing it

 14:27:04 <Laney> cool

 14:27:09 <Laney> #action stgraber to create desktop-extra set

 14:27:09 * meetingology stgraber to create desktop-extra set

 14:27:11 <bdrung> that was a very long question. ;)

 14:27:11 <micahg> I just want to point out, this comes with the expectation that stuff will flow between ubuntu-desktop and desktop-extra as needed

 14:27:16 <Laney> yes

 14:27:40 <bdrung> micahg: that's implied

 14:27:40 <Laney> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer reapplication for Daniel T Chen

 14:27:56 <Laney> not sure that we need to vote given that he only expired a few days ago

 14:27:57 <bdrung> do we really need to vote about such cases?

 14:27:59 <stgraber> do I have stuff to move at this point or just create the new package set with the package list we just approved?

 14:28:11 <stgraber> I don't think we vote for these usually, just re-activate

 14:28:12 <micahg> bdrung: well, I don't want people who apply for desktop-extra to be shocked one day when they can't upload something :)

 14:28:26 <Laney> I am curious about why we didn't get an email though

 14:28:31 <micahg> stgraber: I've seen quick votes when things expire

 14:28:33 <Laney> because I would probably have pingedh im

 14:28:40 <tumbleweed> Laney: we don't own core-dev

 14:28:49 <micahg> tumbleweed: yes we do :)

 14:28:52 <tumbleweed> err I mean we aren't an ad min of it, we own it

 14:29:05 <Laney> owner should get such emails too, then?

 14:29:09 * micahg thought owner got mails as well

 14:29:15 <stgraber> micahg: yeah, and I've seen a lot of cases where they just send a "oops I forgot to click on the link" and get re-activated without any vote :)

 14:29:23 <bdrung> we should just re-activate people if they ask timely

 14:29:26 * tumbleweed hasn't seen any core-dev expiration e-mail

 14:29:30 <Laney> indeed

 14:29:30 <micahg> stgraber: true :)

 14:29:40 <Laney> ok, investigate with LP why we don't get them

 14:29:49 <Laney> I don't think we need to vote on this, anyone disagree?

 14:30:02 <bdrung> no

 14:30:37 <Laney> done

 14:30:39 <Laney> #topic AOB

 14:30:49 <tumbleweed> we need to kick off restaffing soon

 14:30:56 <bdrung> and i don't think that we even need to wait for a meeting

 14:31:12 <Laney> ah, indeed

 14:31:14 <tumbleweed> Laney and geser expire in mid-feb

 14:31:37 <tumbleweed> 6 weeks earlier is 2 jan (which I assume we won't meet on?)

 14:31:51 <micahg> well, that's another AOB topic :)

 14:32:28 <tumbleweed> ah, there's the page: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/Restaffing

 14:33:44 <Laney> dear wiki, please load.

 14:34:25 <Laney> bah. oh well.

 14:34:35 <Laney> call for nominations 4 weeks out, call for votes 2 weeks out?

 14:34:47 <tumbleweed> Prepare announce and requirements. (1 day)

 14:34:47 <tumbleweed> Optional: Call for nominations. (2 weeks)

 14:34:47 <tumbleweed> Optional: Shortlisting by CC. (1 week)

 14:34:47 <tumbleweed> Optional: Vote process. (2 weeks)

 14:34:47 <tumbleweed> Announcement, necessary implementation. (1 day)

 14:35:28 <Laney> ok, got some time then

 14:35:44 <stgraber> Shortlisting by CC? isn't supposed to be by the TB in the case of the DMB? (not really sure, these things are usually a bit blurry ;))

 14:35:57 <Laney> we didn't bother with that last time

 14:36:10 <stgraber> indeed, easier to just not do it ;)

 14:36:16 <Laney> the tb said they didn't mind us running it all

 14:36:59 <Laney> there is some contention there: the CC extending its icy grasp over this way

 14:37:04 <tumbleweed> in that case, we can get away with starting it on jan 16th, but only just

 14:37:17 <Laney> I think that technically our UCD delegation comes from them, for example

 14:38:11 <Laney> anyway yeah, confirmation can be on feb 13th - works out quite nicely

 14:38:40 <stgraber> btw, http://people.canonical.com/~stgraber/package_sets/precise/desktop-extra

 14:38:54 <Laney> nice

 14:39:29 <Laney> ok, anything else?

 14:39:35 <Laney> skipping jan 2nd?

 14:39:49 <tumbleweed> works for me, I may not be available then, anyway

 14:39:54 <bdrung> depends if there are application in between

 14:40:04 <stgraber> I'll be around on the 2nd (working) but I'm fine with us skipping it

 14:40:25 <bdrung> i am fine with it if we don't accumulate too many applications

 14:40:34 <micahg> I should be around

 14:40:47 <bdrung> i should be around

 14:40:58 <micahg> well, we should have the packageset descriptions to vote on, but that could wait I guess

 14:41:18 <tumbleweed> so see who turns up?

 14:41:20 <bdrung> yes

 14:41:30 <bdrung> yes

 14:41:33 <Laney> ok

 14:41:38 <Laney> i'll probably be around

 14:42:03 <Laney> anything else?

 14:42:32 <tumbleweed> next chair? still cody :P

 14:42:35 <Laney> #topic chair for next meeting

 14:42:36 <bdrung> regarding the restaffing

 14:42:43 <Laney> cody (micah)

 14:42:56 <Laney> bdrung: yes?

 14:43:39 <bdrung> i will expire in nearly one year, but i would be only one person. i think it impractical to setup a vote only for me.

 14:44:04 <bdrung> it would make more sense to group the votes

 14:44:32 <micahg> bdrung: we could just extend your membership to 02/2013

 14:44:44 <bdrung> that would work for me

 14:44:50 <micahg> since your membership would expire in nov

 14:44:54 <Laney> mmm, potentially losing 6/8 of the team at once

 14:45:11 <Laney> oh no, not you and stefano

 14:45:17 <Laney> yeah that wfm

 14:45:20 <Laney> ask the tb?

 14:45:26 <bdrung> a optimal solution would be to have four members selected every year

 14:45:46 <micahg> well, other boards usually restaff almost all at the same time

 14:46:05 <Laney> maybe we can add the new people until 2013-09/10 and make micahg and tumbleweed have the same expiration date

 14:46:43 * micahg would prefer it being referred to as membership expiration :P

 14:46:52 <tumbleweed> heh

 14:47:01 * Laney puts the uzi away

 14:47:18 <bdrung> :)

 14:47:58 <Laney> #action bdrung to talk to the TB about harmonising DMB members' expiration dates for easier restaffing

 14:47:58 * meetingology bdrung to talk to the TB about harmonising DMB members' expiration dates for easier restaffing

 14:48:02 <Laney> :-)

 14:48:06 <tumbleweed> Laney: that'd be neat, yes

 14:48:26 <Laney> great

 14:48:27 <Laney> thanks all

 14:48:48 * Laney gives you all an orange

 14:48:51 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)