#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 17:00:38 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-22-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 17:00:47)
 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teamspeak-server.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:14)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/weborf.html|weborf   (jdstrand, 17:15:18)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dopewars.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:22)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mednafen.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:25)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/texmacs.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:29)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 17:17:36 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (38)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * kees (7)
 * meetingology (6)
 * sbeattie (4)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:38 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:00:38 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 22 17:00:38 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:00:38 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 17:00:45 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:00:47 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:00:52 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 17:00:52 <meetingology> TOPIC: Review of any previous action items

 17:01:25 <jdstrand> I don't see any ACTION items this week. I think in the future I will skip this section unless we have an ACTIOn item

 17:01:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:01:34 <meetingology> TOPIC: Weekly stand-up report

 17:01:37 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 17:01:50 <jdstrand> so, I am mostly caught up on email

 17:02:15 <jdstrand> there are several things I am juggling that are eating up time

 17:02:30 <jdstrand> in addition to that, I am on triage this week

 17:02:55 <jdstrand> while doing that, I hope to look at my metrics work item, since it is related

 17:03:27 <jdstrand> I made some good progress on defining/implementing dbus/apparmor tests last week

 17:03:42 <jdstrand> there is still a bit more to do

 17:04:38 <jdstrand> it appears that jjohansen will be jandling the actual dbus patching-- which I think is probably for the best. he is in a better position to do that since it, libapparmor, the kernel, et al need to be updated in sync

 17:05:03 <jdstrand> I will do the ubuntu integration, testing and any thing else I can to support his work

 17:05:28 <jdstrand> (including the tests work this week)

 17:05:44 <jdstrand> I think that is it from me for now

 17:05:50 <jdstrand> kees: you're up

 17:06:25 <kees> okay, I've got the initial metric graphs up, and I'll probalby tweak them a little

 17:06:51 <kees> I'm going to focus on the remaining work items this week. there are a few I don't actually remember what they were about. heh

 17:07:02 <jdstrand> kees: thanks so much for those btw. they look great :)

 17:07:23 <kees> I'm on community too this week

 17:07:45 <jdstrand> kees: it's nice to have these metrics not only defined (as of this cycle), but now (almost fully) implemented :)

 17:07:50 <kees> heh

 17:08:13 <kees> I'll probably continue some of the AppArmor code reviews too. there are a few more that I think need attention still.

 17:08:44 <kees> mdeslaur's up!

 17:09:00 <mdeslaur> I just _finally_ published foomatic-filters this morning

 17:09:09 <mdeslaur> Friday I'm on patch pilot duty

 17:09:16 <mdeslaur> next week, I'm on vacation

 17:09:29 <mdeslaur> This week, I'll be going down the list

 17:09:33 <mdeslaur> that's about it!

 17:09:36 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 17:10:41 <sbeattie> I'm back from vacation and trying to demangle my inbox.

 17:11:12 <sbeattie> Otherwise I need to go over some of the apparmor reviews and see where we stand.

 17:11:53 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me.

 17:11:55 <sbeattie> micahg?

 17:12:51 <jdstrand> micahg: is off today and asked me to fill in for him

 17:13:02 <jdstrand> he has a short week this week

 17:13:18 <jdstrand> expects webkit and tbird to go out today

 17:13:36 <jdstrand> is working on the firefox 6 transition in maverick

 17:13:47 <jdstrand> and is expecting a chromium update from upstream

 17:14:59 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:14:59 <meetingology> TOPIC: Highlighted packages

 17:15:07 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security.

 17:15:14 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teamspeak-server.html

 17:15:18 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/weborf.html|weborf

 17:15:22 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dopewars.html

 17:15:25 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mednafen.html

 17:15:29 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/texmacs.html

 17:15:38 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:15:38 <meetingology> TOPIC: Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:15:44 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:16:15 <mdeslaur> lol, dopewars :)

 17:16:33 <kees> :)

 17:16:42 <jdstrand> yes, without looking, I'm guessing /tmp race

 17:16:54 <jdstrand> nope

 17:17:29 <jdstrand> ok, if there are no questions, thanks everyone! :)

 17:17:36 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)