#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 16:00:36 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-18-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 16:02:04)

 *Hardware Certification team Q&A - mlegris
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/oneiric-testing/oneiric_final.html   (mlegris, 16:06:57)

 *QA team Q&A -  jibel
''LINK:'' https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/ but the logs are empty. I need to replay the test manually  (jibel, 16:13:07)
''LINK:'' https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/job/oneiric-desktop-amd64_default/123/ for example  (jibel, 16:13:25)

 *Security team update - jdstrand
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Precise   (jdstrand, 16:16:00)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/canonical-security.html   (jdstrand, 16:16:01)
''LINK:'' http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html#security   (jdstrand, 16:17:07)

 *Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000472.html   (ogasawara, 16:19:30)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/group/topic-precise-kernel-essential.html   (ogasawara, 16:19:53)

 *Foundations team update - cjwatson
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000476.html   (cjwatson, 16:24:11)

 *Server team Q&A - Daviey
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000479.html   (Daviey, 16:29:13)

 *ARM team Q&A-  ogra
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000483.html   (ogra_, 16:33:43)

 *Linaro Q&A- fabo
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000484.html   (fabo, 16:35:54)

 *Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 *Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 *Desktop Experience Team Q&A - dbarth
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/ReleaseStatus   (dbarth, 16:45:47)

 *Kubuntu Team update - Riddell

 *Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber or highvoltage
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000474.html   (stgraber, 16:51:39)

 *Xubuntu Team Q&A - ??

 *Ubuntu Studio Q&A - scott-work

 *Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000477.html   (gilir, 16:58:12)

 *MOTU Team update - tumbleweed or Laney

 *any other business?
''LINK:'' http://91.189.93.73   (stgraber, 17:04:24)



Meeting ended at 17:10:46 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (116)
 * cjwatson (34)
 * dbarth (24)
 * ogra_ (19)
 * jdstrand (17)
 * Daviey (17)
 * scott-work (15)
 * pitti (13)
 * stgraber (9)
 * ogasawara (9)
 * fabo (9)
 * jibel (8)
 * gilir (6)
 * mlegris (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * madnick (1)
 * mdeslaur (1)
 * Laney (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:36 <skaet> #startmeeting

 16:00:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Nov 18 16:00:36 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:00:36 <meetingology> 

 16:00:36 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:43 <pitti> hello o/

 16:00:46 <Daviey> \o

 16:00:49 <scott-work> hi o/

 16:01:01 <cjwatson> hi

 16:01:03 <jibel> Hi

 16:01:09 <skaet> :)

 16:01:25 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 16:01:43 <skaet> Agenda can be found: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-11-18

 16:01:43 <skaet> .

 16:01:43 <skaet> Welcome to first weekly release meeting for Precise Pangolin aka 12.04 LTS!

 16:01:43 <skaet> Schedule for this release will be at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule  (some edits still need to happen, but they're later in schedule)

 16:01:43 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 16:01:47 <skaet> � 11/24 - Feature Definition Freeze (aka Planning Freeze) - all blueprints should be in and approved

 16:01:50 <skaet> � 11/25 - status.ubuntu.com gets reset and tracking workitems starts.

 16:01:52 <skaet> � 12/01 - Alpha 1 release.

 16:01:54 <skaet> .

 16:01:56 <skaet> New format for the meeting is to review the comments posted by other teams in ubuntu-release maillist before the meeting, and then ask questions.

 16:01:59 <skaet> Please signal when you've finished comments/questions by ".."

 16:02:00 <skaet> .

 16:02:02 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 16:02:04 <skaet> #LINK http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:02:06 <skaet> .

 16:02:08 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to those teams.

 16:02:11 <skaet> .

 16:02:13 <skaet> questions?

 16:02:15 <cjwatson> o/

 16:02:17 <skaet> ..

 16:02:26 <skaet> go ahead cjwatson

 16:02:33 <cjwatson> I wanted to dig into the dssi-vst/multiarch thing that scott-work raised on -release (and I clarified)

 16:02:54 <cjwatson> in particular I think the answer to this depends very much on whether there's more stuff on its way where we're going to want i386 packages on the amd64 images

 16:03:30 <cjwatson> if it's just for a single package, then doing a lot of infra work seems a bit questionable, but if it's going to be for more than that then we should make sure it gets scheduled

 16:03:41 <cjwatson> does anyone know of more upcoming examples of this kind of thing?

 16:03:42 <cjwatson> ..

 16:04:40 * skaet not seeing any hands.

 16:04:52 * stgraber checks

 16:04:58 * scott-work is on the phone at work

 16:05:04 <skaet> ok,  any objection to going into the round table, and lets folks ponder,  and then get back to it at the end of the meeting?

 16:05:23 <cjwatson> np

 16:05:28 <cjwatson> just food for thought

 16:05:34 <stgraber> nope, can't find any other

 16:05:40 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team Q&A - mlegris

 16:06:00 <skaet> any questions from mlegris?  or question for him?

 16:06:01 <mlegris> Finishing up the last of our systems this week

 16:06:57 <mlegris> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/oneiric-testing/oneiric_final.html

 16:07:17 <mlegris> ..

 16:07:27 <Daviey> mlegris: Is there a list of the hardware you are cert'ing for server?

 16:07:37 * scott-work is back

 16:07:38 <Daviey> (or any, i guess)

 16:07:50 <mlegris> Daviey: Yes, its at the end of the page I posted

 16:09:05 <skaet> mlegris,  can you post an email status to the ubuntu-release maillist going forward so folks have a chance to looking things over before the meeting next time?

 16:09:11 <Daviey> That is what i get for typing too quickly.

 16:09:21 <mlegris> skaet: sure thing

 16:09:26 <skaet> thanks mlegris!

 16:09:48 * skaet doesn't see any more questions... so onwards

 16:10:08 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team Q&A -  jibel

 16:10:14 <Daviey> mlegris: hmm, can't we see bugs why it failed?

 16:10:18 <Daviey> oh, sorry.

 16:10:32 <skaet> Daviey, no worries,  just post it at the end after the round table.

 16:11:33 <jibel> no question from the QA team

 16:11:50 <jibel> Just a note about daily smoke tests. Desktop tests are failing since yesterday.

 16:11:50 <skaet> thanks for getting the status mailed out.

 16:12:00 <jibel> We'll investigate what's wrong first thing next week

 16:12:13 <jibel> any question for us ?

 16:12:14 <cjwatson> jibel: URL and I can have a quick look?

 16:12:24 <cjwatson> on the possibility that it's not a test failure

 16:12:25 <skaet> thanks jibel,  was going to ask about the daily smoke tests.

 16:12:36 <skaet> where should folks go to see the result?

 16:13:07 <jibel> https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/ but the logs are empty. I need to replay the test manually

 16:13:25 <jibel> https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/job/oneiric-desktop-amd64_default/123/ for example

 16:13:42 <cjwatson> er, oneiric?

 16:14:12 <jibel> sorry https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/job/precise-desktop-amd64_default/134/

 16:14:40 <cjwatson> I guess I can squeeze in a quick manual test run

 16:15:34 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team update - jdstrand

 16:15:46 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:16:00 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Precise

 16:16:01 <jdstrand> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/canonical-security.html

 16:16:09 <jdstrand> We've gotten our blueprints and work items in shape this week (which is evident from the wild ride that is our burndown atm ;). Like in previous releases, the security team gets to development work as time allows and we only commit to completing work items that have an 'Essential' priority.

 16:16:22 <jdstrand> In that light, this cycle we have done things differently than in the past and moved all of our essential work items into their own essential blueprints. We then created the topic-precise-security-essential blueprint, that depends on our essential blueprints. This gives us and others the ability to more easily see our progress on things we are committed to implementing.

 16:16:39 <jdstrand> (this can of course be seen in http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/canonical-security.html)

 16:16:47 <jdstrand> We have no trend line on the burn down, so I will interpret that as us being below it. :)

 16:17:06 <jdstrand> In terms of bugs worth highlighting:

 16:17:07 <jdstrand> [LINK] http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html#security

 16:17:14 <jdstrand> 887332: the kernel team is handling this (patch needs to be rewritten and resubmitted upstream)

 16:17:21 <jdstrand> 344878: plan is to make a change to ecryptfs to use pathconf, then to adjust userspace applications like evolution to properly honor pathconf. We will be adjusting ecryptfs and then filing bugs against applications that aren't honoring pathconf

 16:17:25 <jdstrand> 800826, 872446, 851986: assigned, no progress

 16:17:41 <jdstrand> that's it

 16:17:47 <skaet> thanks jdstrand,  for next week, can this get mailed out to ubuntu-release mail list prior to the meeting? :)

 16:18:10 <jdstrand> oh, has this changed? I must have missed an email

 16:18:13 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: ^

 16:18:20 <mdeslaur> sure

 16:18:30 <Daviey> jdstrand: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000471.html

 16:18:35 <skaet> thanks jdstrand, mdeslaur.  :)

 16:18:38 <jdstrand> I should also mention that mdeslaur will be handling the release meetings from now on

 16:18:46 <skaet> welcome mdeslaur :)

 16:18:55 <skaet> any questions for jdstrand?

 16:19:10 <skaet> before we move on?

 16:19:24 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara

 16:19:30 <ogasawara> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000472.html

 16:19:30 <ogasawara> As I noted in my release meeting email, we're hoping to upload our first v3.2 based kernel today (pending some test feedback).  cjwatson also pointed out bug 888597 which I've fixed and will make sure it lands in the upload.

 16:19:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 888597 in linux (Ubuntu) "linux-image-extra-3.1.0-2-virtual is uninstallable" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/888597

 16:19:53 <ogasawara> Also looks like our kernel speicic work item status page has recently appeared:

 16:19:53 <ogasawara> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/group/topic-precise-kernel-essential.html

 16:20:00 <jdstrand> Daviey: thanks

 16:20:04 <ogasawara> ..

 16:20:38 <skaet> thanks ogasawara,  is there going to be any issues with things stabilizing for A1?

 16:20:52 <skaet> using the new kernel?

 16:21:22 <ogasawara> skaet: should be shaping up.  we just tested the nvidia and fglrx drivers with the newer 3.2 kernel and seems to be working fine.

 16:21:38 <ogasawara> skaet: also doing some smoke testing amongst the team and no major fires seen yet

 16:22:09 <skaet> ogasawara, coolio.  just wondering about the timing of it landing,  with the thanksgiving holidays occuring.   But if the testing is looking good, we should be ok as long as it lands next week.

 16:22:21 <skaet> any other questions for kernel team?

 16:22:25 <gilir> o/

 16:22:31 <skaet> gilir, go

 16:22:45 <gilir> is there a date for the PAE no-PAE support decision ?

 16:23:12 <ogasawara> gilir: still being discussed.  I'm going to raise it with the team next week as some of the key players are traveling this week.

 16:23:33 * ogra_ guesses the final decision will be posted to the kernel ML

 16:23:38 <ogasawara> gilir: I'll give an update next week, but there will be follow up on the thread as well

 16:23:39 <ogra_> or ubuntu-devel

 16:23:56 <gilir> ok thanks :)

 16:24:05 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team update - cjwatson

 16:24:11 <cjwatson> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000476.html

 16:24:17 <cjwatson> Q&A not update, right?

 16:24:22 <skaet> yup

 16:24:35 <skaet> sorry, missed that edit.  :P

 16:24:59 <cjwatson> quick update on those bugs: the doc-base one is fixed although I'm waiting for the relevant Launchpad cron job to notice the latest Debian perl upload so that I can sync it, to finish fixing the upgrade path

 16:25:11 <cjwatson> on the update-inetd one, I've sent a possible patch to Debian for review

 16:25:19 <cjwatson> they're both facets of the same underlying problem

 16:25:58 <cjwatson> that should all be comfortably out of the way by alpha 1

 16:26:54 <cjwatson> ..

 16:27:03 <skaet> thanks cjwatson,  minor typo in your email status

 16:27:09 <cjwatson> mm?

 16:27:17 <skaet> bugs committed to being fixed are rls-p-tracking list

 16:27:25 <cjwatson> oh, right

 16:27:39 <skaet> bugs of interest to the release (ie. nominations to be considered) are rls-mgr-p-tracking

 16:27:51 <cjwatson> yeah, I'll sort out my confusion over those two over time

 16:27:55 * skaet probably needs to make that a little clearer going forward.

 16:28:04 <skaet> :)

 16:28:25 <skaet> any questions for cjwatson?

 16:28:47 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team Q&A - Daviey

 16:29:08 <Daviey> hullo

 16:29:13 <Daviey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000479.html

 16:30:06 <skaet> thanks Daviey.

 16:30:12 * skaet doesn't have questions

 16:30:13 <Daviey> I noticed bug 735072 is associated to our team, and targeted to be fixed.  We didn't commit to that

 16:30:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 735072 in samba (Ubuntu) "The hostname proposed by installer is too long for file sharing to work correctly." [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/735072

 16:31:37 <Daviey> Any questions?

 16:31:49 <ogra_> are we there yet ?

 16:31:52 <ogra_> :P

 16:32:07 <Daviey> ogra_: I'll tell you when we do, ask again, and you'll get no cookies!

 16:32:15 <ogra_> *sniff*

 16:32:16 <skaet> Daviey - bug is not on the rls-p-tracking list,  just on the nominations list.   I'll look into it a bit more after this.

 16:32:24 <Daviey> skaet: rocking

 16:32:49 <skaet> commit (rls-p-tracking)  nominate (rls-mgr-p-tracking) ... see comments above that this needs to be clarified. :)

 16:33:23 * skaet not seeing any other questions... so....

 16:33:33 <skaet> Thanks Daviey!

 16:33:36 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team Q&A-  ogra

 16:33:43 <ogra_> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000483.html

 16:33:50 <ogra_> nothing to add from my side ...

 16:34:06 <skaet> Thanks ogra!  :)

 16:34:11 * skaet looks around for questions

 16:34:12 <ogra_> (and sorry for the late mail, next week will be better)

 16:34:44 * skaet happy to see images building  :)

 16:34:56 <ogra_> wellm live images are a desaster ...

 16:35:04 <ogra_> but we'll get them :)

 16:35:17 <skaet> ogra_, :)

 16:35:43 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro Q&A- fabo

 16:35:54 <fabo> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000484.html

 16:36:13 <skaet> thanks fabo! :)

 16:36:23 <fabo> I forget to add that upcoming release will support PandaBoard ES

 16:36:25 <fabo> ..

 16:36:33 <ogra_> thast 4460 ?

 16:36:37 <ogra_> *thats

 16:36:38 <fabo> ogra_: yes

 16:36:43 <ogra_> awesome

 16:36:49 <ogra_> i thought there was support already

 16:36:56 <ogra_> i saw oneiric booting on a 4460

 16:37:00 <ogra_> ..

 16:37:09 <fabo> unofficial, until now :)

 16:37:14 <ogra_> ah

 16:37:46 <fabo> sorry for the late mail as well, I'll do better next time

 16:37:47 <fabo> ..

 16:37:51 <skaet> dbarth, do you have any comments on the OpenGL ES 2 support that fabo's asking about in his status?

 16:38:22 <dbarth> the only thing i can say is that everything is blocked due to the absence of tests

 16:38:39 <dbarth> expect no code changes until that situation is resolved

 16:39:03 <fabo> dbarth: missing tests where? code or something else?

 16:39:05 <dbarth> that branch is blocked, like many others

 16:39:18 <dbarth> yes, the code needs to come with tests

 16:39:32 <dbarth> the type of which, and level of validation is still subject to negotiations

 16:40:00 <fabo> hmm ok, I'll raise that to the graphics WG

 16:40:02 <cjwatson> this is in response to the acceptance criteria stuff?

 16:40:18 <dbarth> i can't give you a firm guideline on the kind of test(s) you need to add for that branch to be unblocked; but that definition is what i'm working on

 16:40:21 <dbarth> yes

 16:40:25 <skaet> thanks dbarth,  will let you and fabo discuss further outside meeting then.

 16:40:40 <dbarth> skaet: +1

 16:40:40 <skaet> any other questions for fabo?

 16:41:20 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 16:41:43 * skaet doesn't see joshuahoover... moving on

 16:41:59 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 16:42:13 <pitti> see the already mailed out report: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus

 16:42:19 <skaet> :)

 16:42:23 <pitti> I think we are in ok shape for alpha-1

 16:42:38 <pitti> we haven't really started breaking anything yet (and don't really plan to, except for the potential switch to RB)

 16:42:48 <Daviey> pitti: Happen t know if/when a new X will land, that might break non-free drivers?

 16:42:52 <pitti> we are mildly oversized, but nothing we can't handle at this point

 16:43:13 <pitti> Daviey: haven't heard imminent plans to update from bryce or Chris

 16:43:23 <Daviey> ta

 16:43:36 <skaet> Thanks pitti,   not worrying about size too much for A1 (nice to have, not essential).  :)

 16:43:39 <dbarth> o/

 16:43:44 <skaet> dbarth go

 16:43:45 <pitti> it's just 1 or 2 MB

 16:43:57 <dbarth> can we have the confirmation that it will *not* break the non-free drivers?

 16:44:41 <pitti> I don't know if the next version will change ABI again; I'll ask Chris/Bryce on Monday and get back

 16:44:50 <dbarth> said otherwise, the requirement to have a stable ubuntu, also applies to X; no 2 weeks with nvidia support is what i'm saying

 16:44:56 <pitti> we should certainly try to avoid it at least during precise

 16:44:56 <dbarth> without

 16:45:07 <dbarth> thanks

 16:45:24 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Experience Team Q&A - dbarth

 16:45:40 <dbarth> (sorry for the late email, i hope it passe though)

 16:45:47 <dbarth> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/ReleaseStatus

 16:46:21 <dbarth> in a nutshell we're blocked on the definition of tests; but assembled 2 tasksforce to create good reference examples and unblock the situation

 16:46:42 <dbarth> but no bug fixes or anything else until it's done (next week hopefully)

 16:46:58 <dbarth> the bug tags are now enforced with didrocks i think, so process wise we're getting there

 16:47:01 <dbarth> ..

 16:47:13 <skaet> dbarth,  no worries, we're all ramping up to get this more efficient for next time.   Looking forward to getting us unblocked.   Can we live with what we have for Alpha 1 or is the release at risk?

 16:47:35 <dbarth> no, it's not at this point ;)

 16:47:35 <skaet> s/release/milestone release/

 16:47:41 <dbarth> we'll have a good unity in 12.04

 16:48:16 <skaet> dbarth,  so no significant changes expected between now and  Dec 1?

 16:48:34 <ogra_> dbarth, what about the gles code merge, will it be there for A1 as agreed on ?

 16:48:51 <dbarth> we'll stay on the maintenance version, ie 4.x branch for now

 16:49:17 <dbarth> ogra_: they're in the merge queue, we need to clarify with didrocks the level of tests he wants

 16:49:23 <dbarth> let's take that offline

 16:49:30 <ogra_> k

 16:49:56 <skaet> thanks dbarth.

 16:50:05 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team update - Riddell

 16:50:32 * skaet missed a s/update/Q&A/ again.... drat!

 16:50:55 <skaet> lol

 16:51:15 * skaet not seeing Riddell though... or seeing anything posted,  so moving on.

 16:51:26 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber or highvoltage

 16:51:39 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000474.html

 16:51:43 <skaet> :)

 16:52:26 <stgraber> on my phone, expect slow answers :)

 16:52:48 <skaet> stgraber, thanks.   :)   with edubuntu not building,  are you going to be able to release alpha 1 image?

 16:52:58 <cjwatson> sorry about the fuse bit, I'll make sure that gets sorted out

 16:53:08 <cjwatson> I will ensure it doesn't block you for a1

 16:53:13 <skaet> :)

 16:53:41 <stgraber> I dont't expect any other problem for a1

 16:53:48 <skaet> thanks!

 16:54:10 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team Q&A - ??

 16:54:40 <scott-work> should be knome but i don't know he's here

 16:54:48 <skaet> yeah,  I

 16:54:48 <madnick> We are just observers this tiume, I think (?) unless micahg has something to say :)

 16:55:33 <skaet> I'll work with knome to figure something out for next time.   He said he has someone, but not sure who yet.  :)

 16:56:24 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Studio Q&A - scott-work

 16:56:47 <scott-work> email  https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000475.html

 16:57:08 <scott-work> nothing really to add except for the ia32-libs which i can clarify with colin offline

 16:57:15 <skaet> Thanks scott-work!

 16:57:53 * skaet didn't see any issues in the status, so moving on...

 16:58:02 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir

 16:58:12 <gilir> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000477.html

 16:58:57 <skaet> thanks gilir,  re: powerpc,  let me know when there's testers line up for it,  and I'll put it on the manifest.

 16:59:52 <scott-work> o/

 16:59:57 <gilir> ok, I'll see this point next week

 16:59:59 * skaet has not been seeing the powerpc images get much testing love - so want to make sure that's in place before we add to builds.

 17:00:07 <skaet> go scott-work

 17:00:23 <skaet> thanks gilir

 17:00:35 <scott-work> i should have mentioned earlier that we will be starting testing of the -lowlatency kernel vs. -generic next week

 17:00:44 <scott-work> ..

 17:00:47 <cjwatson> to clarify, it's not adding to builds - lubuntu/powerpc is already being daily-built

 17:00:53 <cjwatson> it's adding to test manifests

 17:01:14 <gilir> yes powerpc are build, just not tested :)

 17:01:24 <skaet> scott-work,  thanks for adding.   Are you going to be trying to put it out with the A1 images?

 17:01:53 <scott-work> skaet: i do not expect to, we have quite a bit of testing and evaluation i think

 17:02:13 <scott-work> not to mention, getting the package through revu and into the archive

 17:02:14 <scott-work> ..

 17:02:24 <skaet> scott-work,  *whew*  ;)

 17:02:31 <skaet> [TOPIC] MOTU Team update - tumbleweed or Laney

 17:03:06 * skaet seeing both of them marked away ... moving on

 17:03:33 <skaet> [TOPIC] any other business?

 17:04:24 <stgraber> http://91.189.93.73

 17:04:33 <Laney> I thought we weren't giving regular updates

 17:04:42 <skaet> anyone have further comments or cases for: <cjwatson> I wanted to dig into the dssi-vst/multiarch thing that scott-work raised on -release (and I clarified)

 17:04:42 <skaet> <cjwatson> in particular I think the answer to this depends very much on whether there's more stuff on its way where we're going to want i386 packages on the amd64 images

 17:05:03 <skaet> Laney,  I should have typed Q&A - my bad

 17:05:17 <cjwatson> there's no huge urgency on that since it won't get done before the germinate changes needed for faster publishing anyway

 17:06:02 <pitti> as for the main Ubuntu images, I'd really like to avoid introducing such a case

 17:06:19 <pitti> it would add quite a lot of overhead (you will at least have to install a second glibc etc. onto the images)

 17:06:45 <scott-work> cjwatson: in the short term should we consider removing dssi-vst from the seeds?

 17:06:54 <scott-work> i can check on the impact of that

 17:07:03 <stgraber> above url is the work in progress iso tracker, comments and suggestions are welcome (soon to be feature-equivalent to the current one)

 17:07:10 <pitti> it seems most use cases are related to proprietary extra stuff which we only offer to download on demand

 17:07:11 <Daviey> stgraber: Any progress on an API?

 17:07:15 <pitti> so I can't think of anything else

 17:07:51 <cjwatson> scott-work: if you're willing to do that, that's a good short-term option IMO; I don't know exactly what features you lose by doing so

 17:07:59 <cjwatson> pitti: main Ubuntu images> agreed

 17:08:17 <stgraber> api works to add builds, api to add results should be there this afternoon

 17:08:35 <cjwatson> scott-work: perhaps we should have that be downloaded on demand during installation, since it's proprietary?

 17:08:47 <cjwatson> or, well, dependent on proprietary bits

 17:09:02 <cjwatson> anyway, we can discuss by mail or whatever

 17:09:10 <skaet> stgraber,  its looking very good!  Looking forward to it.     One issue is that Drupal7 is not deployed yet it appears,  I'll be requesting it from IS today.

 17:09:31 <scott-work> cjwatson: i will look into it and get with you about it later

 17:09:35 <stgraber> skaet: thanks

 17:10:06 * skaet sees that the threads and questions have wound down...

 17:10:31 <Daviey> Surely we have another 20 mins? :)

 17:10:34 <skaet> Thanks everyone for participating,  and a big THANK YOU to those who got their status in email before the meeting.  :)

 17:10:46 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)