#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:03:29 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-12-18.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:03:37)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/krb5-appl.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:17)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opendchub.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:21)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vdr.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:24)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kompozer.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:27)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/poco.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:30)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:19:26 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (31)
 * tyhicks (9)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:03:29 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:03:29 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 12 18:03:29 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:03:29 <meetingology> 

 18:03:29 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:34 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:03:37 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:03:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:03:53 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:04:08 <jdstrand> it'll be a short week for me this week

 18:04:37 <jdstrand> I have friday off. next week I'll have of thursday and friday

 18:04:46 <jdstrand> I'm in the triage role this week

 18:05:01 <jdstrand> I have some python updates I am working on, and an embargoed update

 18:05:26 <jdstrand> I have 1 more MIR audit left I think, as well as some archive admin work I couldn't get to last week

 18:05:36 <jdstrand> I'm also patch piloting today

 18:06:22 <jdstrand> I think that is it from me. sbeattie, you're up

 18:06:33 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week.

 18:06:55 <sbeattie> I'm in the middle of writing up my notes on cgroups; that should go out later today.

 18:07:09 <jdstrand> sbeattie: excellent! thanks :)

 18:07:13 <sbeattie> I'm also poking at jamespage's patch to add logging to upstart.

 18:07:27 <jdstrand> sbeattie: (james hunt :)

 18:07:50 <sbeattie> bah, jameshunt; one of the borg of the james

 18:08:00 <jdstrand> hehe

 18:08:13 <micahg> james page is the java borg :)

 18:08:29 <sbeattie> I also have some backburnered updates going on.

 18:08:43 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me; micahg?

 18:09:21 <micahg> I'm preparing the Firefox/Thunderbird 9 release later in the week as well as the Firefox Lucid/Maverick rapid release transition, with work on the webkit 1.6 transition as time permits

 18:09:46 <micahg> tyhicks: ?

 18:10:20 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:10:27 <tyhicks> The acpid update last week took a bit longer than expected, so I've got some car

 18:10:30 <tyhicks> ry over from last week

 18:10:35 <tyhicks> I should get the bzip2 update out today

 18:10:55 <tyhicks> I'm almost done with the patch for bug 885744 (eCryptfs pathconf reporting)

 18:10:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 885744 in eCryptfs "pathconf() does not reflect reality" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/885744

 18:11:23 <tyhicks> My math is just a little bit off in taking the max lower filename length and calculating the eCryptfs overhead, so I need to make a tweak or two to that

 18:11:43 <tyhicks> I've got the eCryptfs make test work item to do

 18:11:57 <tyhicks> and I'll move on to another update or two this week

 18:12:06 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:12:16 <jjohansen> There is the regular kernel USN work and the kernel team have asked for some help looking at a couple of CVEs.  For apparmor I'll be poking at mount rules, and updated permissions, and domain transitions for stacking this week, along with putting a ppa together for testing the updated apparmor out.  I am off next week

 18:13:09 <jjohansen> hrmm, that didn't paste so well ;/

 18:13:31 <jjohansen> so that its from me

 18:13:43 <jjohansen> mdeslaur: ? or perhaps back to jdstrand

 18:14:13 <jdstrand> mdeslaur had a meeting conflict. I know he is working on several updates this week

 18:14:32 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: feel free to chime in if desired, but you should be covered

 18:14:42 <jdstrand> oh, he is also in the happy place this week

 18:14:53 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:14:59 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:15:03 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:15:17 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/krb5-appl.html

 18:15:21 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opendchub.html

 18:15:24 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vdr.html

 18:15:27 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kompozer.html

 18:15:30 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/poco.html

 18:15:41 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:15:49 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:19:10 <jdstrand> ok

 18:19:23 <jdstrand> sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 18:19:26 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)