#title #ubuntu-meeting: Review last meetings action items

Meeting started by jussi at 18:08:01 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-27-18.08.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Bugs
''ACTION:'' topyli to close bug 883119  (jussi, 18:14:25)
''ACTION:'' topyli to email ircc list for votes on this.  (jussi, 18:19:38)



Meeting ended at 18:50:07 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * topyli to close bug 883119
 * topyli to email ircc list for votes on this.



== Action items, by person ==

 * topyli
 ** topyli to close bug 883119
 ** topyli to email ircc list for votes on this.



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jussi (63)
 * topyli (38)
 * ubottu (8)
 * LjL (7)
 * meetingology (5)
 * AlanBell (5)



== Full Log ==


 18:08:01 <jussi> #startmeeting

 18:08:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Nov 27 18:08:01 2011 UTC.  The chair is jussi. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:08:01 <meetingology> 

 18:08:01 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:08:32 <jussi> #topic Bugs

 18:08:49 <jussi> #meetingtopic Bugs

 18:08:57 <jussi> better :)

 18:09:12 <jussi> So, bug788503

 18:09:15 <jussi> So, bug 788503

 18:09:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 788503 in ubuntu-community "IRC Guidelines too #ubuntu centric" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/788503

 18:09:36 <jussi> The ether pad is still up, we havent had much feedback

 18:10:03 <jussi> I guess we will give it a little more time and advertisement

 18:10:13 <jussi> topyli: sound good?

 18:10:24 <topyli> in general, we have more bugs than in the past, due to pushing issues to launchpad. it's good but i'm not sure if the amount of comments is any more useful than we used to get privately. it is an advertising problem i suppose

 18:10:46 <jussi> bug 883119 then.

 18:10:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 883119 in ubuntu-community "Issues needlessly in the IRC Council's private issue tracker" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/883119

 18:10:58 <jussi> Personally I think we can close this one

 18:11:09 <topyli> we are fixing it

 18:11:15 <jussi> its pretty obvious what we have been doing.

 18:11:23 <jussi> (or at least in progress).

 18:11:31 <topyli> i say close

 18:11:45 <jussi> If any of the people attending this meeting have an opinion, please dont be shy

 18:12:55 <topyli> close it, people will reopen if needed

 18:13:57 <jussi> ok

 18:14:25 <jussi> #action topyli to close bug 883119

 18:14:25 * meetingology topyli to close bug 883119

 18:14:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 883119 in ubuntu-community "Issues needlessly in the IRC Council's private issue tracker" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/883119

 18:14:38 <topyli> i wouldn't like to touch the eir thing or the ops process right now, i'd leave them to the next council

 18:14:49 <jussi> bug 884617

 18:14:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 884617 in DOLFIN "Problems passing PyTrilinos objects to DOLFIN matrix/vector" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/884617

 18:14:54 <jussi> err

 18:15:01 <jussi> Im dyslexic

 18:15:04 <jussi> bug 884671

 18:15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 884671 in ubuntu-community "Ubuntu IRC operator recruitment is slow and ungainly" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/884671

 18:15:56 <jussi> This bug has had a bit of action - has anyone here got any thoughts?

 18:16:13 <topyli> jussi: the action is done. "fix released"

 18:17:13 <jussi> right.

 18:17:58 <topyli> i do agree that when the council sees a good op, they should be able to make one on the spot. the current process exists because we can't possibly be familiar with everyone

 18:18:31 <jussi> Yes, I agree. I think this needs to be taken to the rest of the ircc for a vote.

 18:19:09 <topyli> it's a policy change and needs a vote

 18:19:38 <jussi> #action topyli to email ircc list for votes on this.

 18:19:38 * meetingology topyli to email ircc list for votes on this.

 18:19:51 <jussi> bug 887544

 18:19:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 887544 in ubuntu-community "No measurable data on ban resolving process in #ubuntu-ops" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/887544

 18:20:50 <topyli> well. this is a long-standing item i've been planning to do

 18:21:05 <jussi> I think this is just something you are going to do isnt it, topyli

 18:21:16 <topyli> yeah

 18:21:25 <jussi> lets leave it as it is then for now

 18:21:47 <jussi> bug 892501

 18:21:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 892501 in ubuntu-community "Floodbots - need a re-write to be under ubuntu operator team control" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/892501

 18:22:52 <topyli> this is difficult. LjL is great and all, but having such powers invested in proprietary bots controlled by a single person is not very nice

 18:23:10 <topyli> i have talked to him, and i think we'll resolve it eventually

 18:23:27 <jussi> I think this might be one to leave for when there is a full council

 18:23:40 <topyli> yeah, and he should be around too

 18:24:14 <jussi> I think bug 892500 is similar

 18:24:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 892500 in ubuntu-community "eir is still not fit for purpose in #ubuntu" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/892500

 18:25:16 <topyli> i don't have much to say about that, i disagree and would say it's useful. if we need to tweak it, let's

 18:26:07 <jussi> topyli: let's ?

 18:26:25 <topyli> if we need to tweak it, let's do so :)

 18:26:32 <jussi> ok

 18:26:34 <jussi> #meetingtopic Review last meetings action items

 18:26:42 <jussi> topyli: got these handy?

 18:27:20 <topyli> need to find from email, since we haven't done the team report

 18:27:38 <jussi> oh :/

 18:28:07 <jussi> right, pangolin - you about?

 18:28:42 <topyli> nhandler_ was supposed to do it. elky eventually sent a summary to the mailing list, but apparently she didn't copy it to the wiki

 18:28:48 <jussi> :(

 18:29:26 <topyli> there are two action items not done

 18:29:33 <jussi> which were?

 18:29:36 <topyli> i haven't sent out the lubuntu ops call

 18:29:47 <jussi> oh, yes, we were doing htat.

 18:30:08 <topyli> you and i have the irc guidelines review in progress, but that's in progress and needs help

 18:31:36 <jussi> Ok, so we need to finish that email and send it

 18:32:27 <jussi> is pangolin around?

 18:32:44 <topyli> jussi: let's just note those, and i'll promise to do the lubuntu thing asap. i'll draft it and have it reviewed by you

 18:32:55 <jussi> sure

 18:33:23 <jussi> As for pangolins issue, I see nothing on the background page about it, so its hard to be sure what he is after

 18:33:47 <topyli> it should be done carefully so the current people don't think we're "replacing" their current staff

 18:33:54 <jussi> yes

 18:34:31 <LjL> i am here

 18:34:35 <topyli> i can't say anything on pangolin's item. as he's not here, we should leave it

 18:34:49 <topyli> LjL: yay!

 18:34:54 <jussi> hi LjL :)

 18:35:10 <topyli> LjL: we're not able to talk about the bots though, we're too few again

 18:35:28 <topyli> well we can talk, but not make any decisions

 18:35:33 <jussi> we can talk about it - just decisions have to go else..

 18:36:09 <topyli> LjL: iirc you wanted some time with this, to see what you want to do

 18:36:46 <LjL> well i can say what my stance is. the floodbots aren't nearly good enough to be worth open sourcing for the sake of "giving them to the developer community". so i'd just be open sourcing them to make you folks happy. well, that's not going to happen at least until a new council is in place and, plainly stated, i see how much i'm in tune with its members

 18:37:12 <jussi> LjL: are you willing to give a certain amount of time that you promise you wont remove them before that time you make hte decision?

 18:39:34 <LjL> jussi: yes, but not a long time. since i see that calls are being made to rewrite them, then i'm sure it won't be a problem to have them accomplished ;) so i guess i will give a month or so after i tell everyone i'm going to retire them. which may or may not happen, really, i'm not saying it will.

 18:40:33 <topyli> we're basically leaving this for the next council then

 18:40:34 <jussi> LjL: right, but they will you say, be around until the next council appears?

 18:40:42 <LjL> jussi: yes

 18:40:57 <jussi> ok, excellent.

 18:41:04 <topyli> thanks LjL

 18:41:28 <jussi> anything else we need to talk about at this meeting? anyone else got any issues they would like to bring up?

 18:42:31 <topyli> if not, i have a date in 20 minutes :)

 18:42:51 <LjL> some things got on my nerves and i wanted to remove them, but i was then asked nicely to keep them as a favor and that is enough. they will not be removed in the course of a day again, not while this council is in place anyway. just, if people are planning to work on a rewrite, but all means let them. the floodbots are pretty horrible code anyway.

 18:43:13 <AlanBell> what are the various dates for the reelection process?

 18:43:17 <jussi> LjL: thanks a lot - it really helps.

 18:43:30 <jussi> AlanBell: the current team expires on the 21st

 18:43:59 <topyli> iirc you must nominate by 14th, but i may be wrong

 18:44:01 <AlanBell> nominations due by when?

 18:44:18 <AlanBell> voting for a week from the 14th then is it?

 18:44:40 <topyli> i think we have voted for a week in the past

 18:44:49 <jussi> Hrm, It appears I didnt put anything on the mail about nominations. Ill send a mail out about it.

 18:44:56 <jussi> Ie. dates

 18:45:08 <topyli> we should ask for clarification on this

 18:45:24 <jussi> yes, Ill double check with the cc

 18:45:55 <topyli> then of course spam the planet, the mailing list, and the washington post

 18:46:09 <jussi> yes, of course

 18:46:16 <jussi> thanks AlanBell for picking htat up

 18:46:28 <AlanBell> no problem :)

 18:46:45 <jussi> right. anything else?

 18:46:53 <AlanBell> plus clarify who is running the vote and the finishing method selected

 18:47:00 <jussi> yes ++

 18:47:05 <topyli> yeah

 18:47:08 <LjL> yes, topyli's haircut? i have raised that concern in the survey, and it's unsettling that it's not being addressed

 18:47:29 <jussi> LjL: sorry, thats out of our hands. escalate it

 18:47:59 <topyli> LjL: i have noted the opinion, and ignored appropriately!

 18:48:25 <LjL> topyli: (blame funkyhat by the way :P)

 18:48:40 <topyli> (yes i actually did read everything :)

 18:48:49 <jussi> LjL: its inappropriate for a hippie to have short neat hair!

 18:49:21 <jussi> anyway, last call or Im doing #endmeeting

 18:49:42 <topyli> LjL: i chose to just read the data, not where it's from

 18:50:07 <jussi> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)