#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:04:21 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-31-15.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round
''LINK:'' http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology is a documentation page I wrote yesterday  (AlanBell, 15:05:35)

 *Bugs

 *lightning round

 *Bugs

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:53:40 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (57)
 * cjwatson (34)
 * stgraber (27)
 * ev (27)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * ubottu (16)
 * doko (11)
 * barry (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * AlanBell (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:04:21 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:04:21 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Aug 31 15:04:21 2011 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:04:21 <meetingology> 

 15:04:21 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:04:48 <slangasek> wow, that's a lot more commands than before

 15:04:51 <stgraber> that list got a lot bigger :)

 15:04:57 <slangasek> do they only work with '#' now?

 15:05:03 <AlanBell> they work with both

 15:05:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:05:06 <slangasek> cool

 15:05:14 <barry> kind of nice not to have to type ALLCAPS any more

 15:05:17 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e cjwatson barry doko stgraber jhunt mvo ev bdmurray slangasek)

 15:05:20 <slangasek> mvo stgraber bdmurray ev slangasek cjwatson barry jhunt doko

 15:05:25 <slangasek> mvo's on vacation this week

 15:05:27 <slangasek> stgraber:

 15:05:31 <stgraber> - Last week

 15:05:31 <stgraber> - Did some more IPv6 testing for cyphermox and talked about the proper implementation of DUID handling in Network Manager

 15:05:34 <stgraber> - Continued work to automate IPv6 testing. Got all the configuration files automatically generated, just need to script the VMs now.

 15:05:35 <AlanBell> http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology is a documentation page I wrote yesterday

 15:05:37 <stgraber> - Bunch of Edubuntu uploads, replacing the old LTSP live by a new one that works. Tweaked unity-greeter and unity, changed the wallpaper, ...

 15:05:40 <stgraber> - Started poking at Ubiquity, fixing a few bugs.

 15:05:42 <stgraber> - This week

 15:05:45 <stgraber> - Some more discussion with cyphermox on DHCPv6, I think we now have the final implementation of what we want in NM. Still needs testing though.

 15:05:48 <stgraber> - Mostly worked on Ubiquity, trying to get the bug list a bit shorter (pretty difficult considering the number of new bugs we get every hour...)

 15:05:51 <stgraber> - Started looking at bug 575469 and bug 234409 in friendly-recovery. Got it moved to /lib here, just need to patch the scripts and do some testing.

 15:05:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 575469 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu Oneiric) "recovery mode mounts filesystems read-write rather than read-only" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/575469

 15:05:54 <stgraber> - ISO testing and Edubuntu beta1 release.

 15:05:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 234409 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu) "friendly-recovery violates the Linux Filesystem Hierarchy Standard" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/234409

 15:05:56 <stgraber> - Next week

 15:05:59 <stgraber> - Monday is public holiday in Canada (Labour day)

 15:06:02 <stgraber> - Get friendly-recovery reviewed and uploaded

 15:06:04 <stgraber> - Finish to automate IPv6 testing and get that running daily.

 15:06:07 <stgraber> - Hopefully some time for WebLive work, still need to get an Oneiric server working (only have Natty at the moment)

 15:06:10 <stgraber> - Continue poking at TPM.

 15:06:11 <stgraber> (done)

 15:06:13 * stgraber loves his new irssi script/plugin, copy/paste always work now :)

 15:06:37 <bdmurray> lp_stockereplies.user.js to work with new Launchpad forms

 15:06:37 <bdmurray> Uploaded new version of firefox-lp-improvements

 15:06:45 <bdmurray> Bug triage of iso-testing bug reports

 15:06:45 <bdmurray> ubiquity merge proposal modifying how bugs are tagged oem-config

 15:06:45 <bdmurray> apport merge proposal preventing bug reports due to hardware error on /, /usr or /var devices

 15:06:48 <bdmurray> apport merge proposal creating a DuplicateSignature for ubiquity bug reports and redirecting some bugs to grub-install

 15:06:53 <bdmurray> updated update-manager apport source package hook to ask whether or not it is a dist-upgrade and include files in /var/log/dist-upgrade

 15:06:55 <bdmurray> wrote up test case for SRU for bug 814727

 15:06:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 814727 in apport (Ubuntu Natty) "Do not report package installation failures that contain a segmentation fault" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/814727

 15:07:02 <bdmurray> [done]

 15:07:18 <ev> - Short week; public holiday on Monday

 15:07:18 <ev> - Fixing bugs in ubiquity and expanding the test coverage along the way.

 15:07:18 <ev> - Currently fighting GtkIconView which in GTK3 has decided to completely ignore the length of text when determining a width and goes entirely on the size of the (in our case nonexistent) icon.

 15:07:18 <ev> - Travelling to SF for Plumbers this Friday then on holiday for the first half of the week.

 15:07:18 <ev> (done)

 15:09:31 <slangasek> * FTBFS fixes (gnuradio, php5; passed the buck on php5 after it still FTBFS)

 15:09:34 <slangasek> * follow-through on ia32-libs/wine

 15:09:37 <slangasek> * now tested with all the proprietary 32-bit apps I can find

 15:09:38 <slangasek> {done}

 15:09:40 <slangasek> * fakeroot sync to fix a regression when using Xvfb at build-time

 15:09:43 <slangasek> * on vacation grinding gears in a manual transmission rental car in France next week

 15:10:04 <cjwatson> Short week (bank holiday).

 15:10:05 <cjwatson> Ongoing NBS/FTBFS fun.

 15:10:05 <cjwatson> Several ubiquity test fixes.

 15:10:05 <cjwatson> Working on getting new-style Chinese edition CD images autobuilt.

 15:10:05 <cjwatson> Roving consultancy on bugs discovered during beta-1 preparation.

 15:10:06 <cjwatson> Initial work on bug 420080 (getting partman-crypto to allow reusing existing encrypted volumes).

 15:10:09 <cjwatson> Prepared a plausible-looking fix for bug 774089 (nasty misinstallation on some Macs); sent private mail asking for testing.

 15:10:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 420080 in partman-crypto (Ubuntu) "Configure encrypted volumes destroys existing data" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/420080

 15:10:12 <cjwatson> Some UEFI testing.  Found a fatal bug in the kernel configuration; now fixed, have partially retested but not completely as yet.

 15:10:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 774089 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Booting fails 3 times, works every fourth time after new install of Natty Narwhal amd64 on Macbook Pro" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/774089

 15:10:15 <cjwatson> Fixed IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack breakage during installation (queued for post-beta-1).  Slightly worried that nobody seems to have noticed this before me - stgraber, is this a gap in our testing?

 15:10:19 <cjwatson> Fixed kexec-tools bug 401405 (fails to install in chroots).

 15:10:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 401405 in kexec-tools (Ubuntu) "kexec-tools should not exit when there is no /boot/grub" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/401405

 15:10:22 <cjwatson> Finally got LP dpkg-xz-support branch landed, and announced it.  multiarch-translations branch is blocked on bug 809123.

 15:10:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 809123 in Launchpad itself "we cannot deploy DB schema changes live" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/809123

 15:10:25 <cjwatson> done

 15:10:32 <barry> last week: short week due to vacation; this week: bug 832756 uploaded; currently working on bug 832864 and bug 831739.  next week: monday is usa holiday (labor day, sans extra 'u'). done.

 15:10:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 832756 in python-scipy (Ubuntu Oneiric) "python-scipy version 0.9.0+dfsg1-1 failed to build in oneiric" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/832756

 15:10:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 832864 in pyside (Ubuntu Oneiric) "pyside version 1.0.4-1 failed to build in oneiric" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/832864

 15:10:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 831739 in python3.2 (Ubuntu) "package python3 3.2-3 [modified: usr/share/doc/python3/changelog.Debian.gz] failed to install/upgrade: subprocess installed pre-removal script returned error exit status 134" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/831739

 15:11:20 <stgraber> cjwatson: what was the specific case failing with dual-stack in d-i?

 15:11:47 <slangasek> ev: does GtkIconView look like it needs a change in gtk3?

 15:12:22 <cjwatson> stgraber: it didn't work at all, because dhclient-script was flushing the IPv6 addresses when it got an IPv4 address

 15:12:29 <ev> slangasek: I don't follow what you're asking, but I've just fixed the issue in a roundabout fashion.  Just trying to find a way of probing whether the text is wrapping in the individual cells so I can construct a proper test case for it.

 15:12:42 <ev> slangasek: http://paste.ubuntu.com/678954/

 15:12:46 <cjwatson> which was because I sent the bug report to Debian fixing that but forgot to actually upload it to Ubuntu *blush*

 15:13:09 <stgraber> cjwatson: ah right, well, we didn't test dhclient before in d-i. All the tests at the sprint were with wide-dhcp.

 15:13:23 <cjwatson> stgraber: dhclient is still used for IPv4

 15:13:32 <cjwatson> wide-dhcp is just for IPv6

 15:13:45 <cjwatson> this is the exact setup we tested at the sprint

 15:13:48 <stgraber> ah, right, weird we didn't notice then...

 15:13:52 <cjwatson> we did

 15:13:59 <cjwatson> as I said, I forgot to upload one of the pieces of this to Ubuntu

 15:14:11 <slangasek> ev: meaning, if this is a regression vs. GTK+2.0, should we be trying to get it fixed in gtk itself and is that feasible for oneiric

 15:14:25 <ev> slangasek: we're abusing GtkIconView here

 15:14:27 <slangasek> ok

 15:14:28 <cjwatson> by testing I meant testing of actual Ubuntu images rather than the test ones we put together

 15:14:31 <ev> normal people would have an icon visible

 15:14:38 <ev> we're just using it to lay out a few bits of text

 15:14:58 * slangasek nods

 15:15:22 <ev> plus I'd sooner say, lets have a consistent language page (between ubiquity and oem-config) before I fought GTK+ upstream to accept patches for this

 15:15:37 <cjwatson> yeah, that page in oem-config is horrible

 15:15:46 <ev> indeed

 15:15:49 <stgraber> cjwatson: right, I've currently been focusing on the NetworkManager implementation, only started automating IPv6 testing for d-i and post-install last week. Should have that ready and running daily next week.

 15:16:14 <cjwatson> stgraber: ah, right - yep, sounds good.  run beta-1 through it and it should fail :-)

 15:16:24 <stgraber> cjwatson: will do :)

 15:17:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:17:20 <slangasek> bdmurray: are there any bugs in oneiric? :)

 15:17:50 <bdmurray> slangasek: a couple of have come to my attention recently

 15:18:10 <bdmurray> mterry brought up bug 407862 the other day

 15:18:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 407862 in rsyslog (Ubuntu) "Messages not being sent to system logs" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/407862

 15:18:48 <bdmurray> it could use some further investigation

 15:19:46 <slangasek> any volunteers to look into that?

 15:20:06 <doko> lightning round already finished?

 15:20:32 <slangasek> oh phooey, did I cut you off?

 15:20:36 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:20:41 <slangasek> sorry, I thought you'd already gone

 15:20:42 <slangasek> doko:

 15:21:08 <doko> - OpenJDK-[67] multiarch installations

 15:21:08 <doko> - gcc-4.4/gcj-4.4/gnat-4.4 multiarch patch update

 15:21:08 <doko> - Test rebuild finished this weekend.

 15:21:08 <doko> - Filed remaining bug reports for build failures

 15:21:08 <doko> - Walked through all dep-wait packages, resolved a lot, and filed reports for the others.

 15:21:09 <doko> - Synced/fixed ~80 packages last week.

 15:21:10 <doko> - ARM test rebuild finished this Monday.

 15:21:12 <doko> --

 15:21:38 <slangasek> are there bugs filed/tagged for the arm-specific failures?

 15:22:51 <doko> no, asked the arm guys to do that

 15:23:03 <doko> rsalveti, janimo

 15:23:15 <slangasek> ok

 15:23:31 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:24:13 <slangasek> back to bug #407862 - any takers?

 15:24:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 407862 in rsyslog (Ubuntu) "Messages not being sent to system logs" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/407862

 15:24:41 <barry> slangasek: i can look into it, as i get tired of/blocked on bug 832864

 15:24:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 832864 in pyside (Ubuntu Oneiric) "pyside version 1.0.4-1 failed to build in oneiric" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/832864

 15:24:54 <slangasek> barry: thanks

 15:25:05 <bdmurray> iso testing is on going but bug 837681 kind of jumped out at me

 15:25:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 837681 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Automatic partitioning corrupts GUID partition table (GPT)" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/837681

 15:26:29 <bdmurray> and then there is bug 837287 and I'm not quite certain where that one belongs

 15:26:30 <cjwatson> yeah, that was in my lightning round report

 15:26:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 837287 in casper (Ubuntu Oneiric) "live cd panel / top menu is cropped" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/837287

 15:26:36 <cjwatson> (837681 - I'm working on it)

 15:26:47 <cjwatson> oh, wait, it wasn't, sorry.  it should have been.

 15:26:48 <bdmurray> cjwatson: oops, sorry I missed it

 15:26:52 <cjwatson> no, my bad

 15:27:20 <stgraber> bdmurray: 15:11 < ev> right, 829987 is fixed (it was just the wrong function prototype for GTK3 - passing the data argument is now required)

 15:27:50 <stgraber> bdmurray: oops, broken copy/paste ...

 15:28:03 <stgraber> bdmurray: IRC being super slow at the moment... sorry for that ;)

 15:28:54 <slangasek> 837287> strange.  Can anyone else reproduce this?

 15:29:11 <bdmurray> slangasek: I did it was very narrow but it was clickable too

 15:29:17 <slangasek> ok

 15:29:28 <slangasek> reproduced on similar or different video hardware?

 15:29:47 <slangasek> submitter was doing it in virtualbox

 15:29:57 <bdmurray> slangasek: on a kvm virtual machine

 15:30:21 * slangasek nods

 15:30:31 <slangasek> maybe an issue with the 2d fallback?

 15:30:48 <slangasek> cjwatson, ev, stgraber: does that sound like a place to start with this bug?

 15:30:56 <slangasek> or is it more likely to be ubiquity itself?

 15:31:15 <cjwatson> the 2D fallback is totally broken for me in kvm right now, so hard to tell

 15:31:30 <cjwatson> (there are bugs on the iso.qa report that look relevant, so I haven't re-reported as yet)

 15:31:32 <slangasek> ah, hmm

 15:31:56 <ev> the panel getting cropped is probably due to the indicator path being wrong

 15:32:00 <ev> thanks to an ABI bump again

 15:32:03 <ev> Mario fixed that in trunk

 15:32:11 <slangasek> ok - ubiquity then?

 15:32:24 <cjwatson> in fact that fix has been uploaded hasn't it?

 15:32:57 <cjwatson> I agree that's likely ubiquity not casper, in any event

 15:34:05 <slangasek> poked the bug

 15:34:10 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else?

 15:34:19 <bdmurray> slangasek: that's it for today

 15:34:31 <slangasek> ok, what's with launchpad now removing milestones by default every time I change the assigned package? :/

 15:36:09 <slangasek> anyone else have any bugs they're concerned about and would like to bring up?

 15:36:28 <slangasek> wrt beta in particular - though it's probably too late to get any fixes in for beta1 now unless it's omgkittens

 15:36:55 * ev has to run off and help Christian with Unity/nvidia/compiz issues, back in a tick

 15:38:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:38:10 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:38:24 <cjwatson> no such bugs that we can do anything about.  bug 813365 (I think) is giving me constant grief and making it difficult to be productive.

 15:38:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 813365 in unity "compiz leaks memory, becomes sluggish and unusable after using it for few hours" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/813365

 15:38:35 <bdmurray> I'm taking a long weekend starting tomorrow afternoon and returning Tuesday

 15:39:01 <cjwatson> when you try to switch workspaces and your entire desktop sometimes randomly hangs for 10+ seconds, it's pretty bad

 15:39:21 <slangasek> heh, ouch

 15:39:55 <cjwatson> (workaround: kill compiz and then rearrange all my windows back the way I want them ...)

 15:40:03 <barry> ouch

 15:42:14 * ev back

 15:42:30 <slangasek> ev: bringing some good news to share in our AOB? :)

 15:42:46 <ev> hah, I bring hate for compiz

 15:45:02 <slangasek> well, that doesn't sound like good news :)

 15:45:03 <cjwatson> same as my hate, or new hate?

 15:47:44 <ev> it might be the same hate as you

 15:47:48 <ev> he's been having trouble all day

 15:47:55 <ev> since upgrading to oneiric

 15:48:58 <ev> unity 3D hangs on launch with nvidia 173, it's exceedingly slow with 96, and the free driver doesn't work work with unity 2d (no textures for windows)

 15:49:10 <ev> with 96 and unity 3d his system becomes largely unusable after a few minutes

 15:49:27 <ev> dx pointed him at pitti, I think

 15:49:29 <ev> madness

 15:49:56 <slangasek> 2d + textures - I'm confused

 15:50:04 <slangasek> what textures are expected with unity 2d?

 15:50:17 <ev> textures is the wrong word

 15:50:21 <ev> windows were invisible

 15:50:25 <slangasek> heh

 15:51:59 <slangasek> will Christian raise a bug on the nvidia drivers?

 15:53:36 <slangasek> anyway, I suppose we can take that back to #-devel :)

 15:53:40 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)