#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by zul at 16:01:54 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-23-16.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 *Oneiric Development
''LINK:'' http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html   (Daviey, 16:04:28)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-server-overview.html   (Daviey, 16:04:40)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (NCommander)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions from the Ubuntu Community

 *Open Discussion



Meeting ended at 16:37:34 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Daviey (60)
 * zul (52)
 * smb (20)
 * smoser (11)
 * meetingology (9)
 * utlemming (6)
 * ersi (4)
 * GrueMaster (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * SpamapS (2)
 * hggdh_ (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:01:54 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:01:54 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Aug 23 16:01:54 2011 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:01:54 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 16:01:55 <zul> hi

 16:02:11 <zul> lets get started

 16:02:38 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02:38 <meetingology> TOPIC: Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02:58 <zul> so is the xvd stuff taken care of?

 16:03:14 <zul> smb/smoser:^^^

 16:03:36 <zul> and i see it has

 16:03:42 <smb> zul, not really

 16:03:58 <zul> doh...well ill leave it on the agenda then

 16:04:01 <smb> Was a different xvd thing and I think we missed that

 16:04:09 <zul> #topic Oneiric Development

 16:04:09 <meetingology> TOPIC: Oneiric Development

 16:04:15 <smoser> zul, yes. smb is super fly.

 16:04:20 <Daviey> o/

 16:04:28 <Daviey> *** BETA Freeze this Thursday ***

 16:04:28 <Daviey> Issues we are currently tracking for release:

 16:04:28 <Daviey> http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:04:28 <Daviey> Any issues not present, please raise them as soon as possible and let me know about them.

 16:04:31 <Daviey> Any features not yet landed, please shout about them at the top of your voice so they can be heard.

 16:04:34 <Daviey> *** BETA Freeze this Thursday ***

 16:04:37 <Daviey> Please make sure that blueprints work item status accurately reflects the status of tasks (i think we are pretty good):

 16:04:40 <Daviey> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-server-overview.html

 16:05:01 <Daviey> cobbler-enrol should hopefully land tomorrow.

 16:05:05 <zul> yay

 16:05:26 <Daviey> Quick round table of what people are working on that is expected to land this week?

 16:05:40 <zul> there is some still nova MIR to take care of but i think swift is waiting to be pushed into main and some glance needs a bit tweaking as well

 16:06:15 <Daviey> zul: Are you jumping on the MIR's?

 16:06:22 <zul> Daviey: i was yes..

 16:06:27 <Daviey> rock-ing

 16:06:49 <Daviey> smoser: How is the lxc issues you were hitting looking?

 16:06:52 <zul> although someone mentioned me in a bug and didnt suscribe me

 16:06:58 <Daviey> zul: How is libvirt looking for arm?

 16:07:11 <Daviey> zul: what bug?

 16:07:13 <zul> Daviey: good it works with lxc

 16:07:15 <zul> the socat one

 16:07:31 <smoser> i just opened some bugs, but we're moving forward. thanks to hallyn for determining that one of my issues was a config issue (well, not really, but sort of)

 16:07:59 <Daviey> zul: ISTR you were looking at getting rid of socat?

 16:08:21 <Daviey> smoser: Are you blocked on hallyn being /away?

 16:08:34 <zul> Daviey: yeah it would have been nice to do...still looking

 16:08:41 <smoser> Daviey, no.

 16:08:59 <Daviey> zul: viable for oneirici?

 16:09:05 <Daviey> oneiric?

 16:09:09 <zul> probably not

 16:09:24 <zul> the tgtadm stuff is blocked on me as well

 16:10:14 <Daviey> We'd welcome qemu 0.15 (via hallyn) and the libvirt new version that zul is working on testing.. all welcome :)

 16:10:40 <zul> also lxc block devices

 16:10:50 <zul> anything else

 16:10:51 <zul> ?

 16:11:02 <smoser> is that in ?

 16:11:06 <smoser> libvirt ?

 16:11:19 <zul> i need to backport it

 16:11:29 <smoser> backport what?

 16:11:31 <zul> smoser: talk after the meeting?

 16:11:39 <smoser> wait.. its relevant here.

 16:11:52 <smoser> you're expecting a new libvirt , right ? and one with "lxc block devices" ?

 16:12:10 <smoser> (bug 828792)

 16:12:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 828792 in libvirt (Ubuntu) "[FFE] Merge 0.9.3-5 from debian unstable" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/828792

 16:12:11 <zul> right a new libvirt that supports lxc blcok devices

 16:12:52 <Daviey> smoser: it's not yet ack'd due to concerns of having a new libvirt this late in the cycle.

 16:13:07 <Daviey> However, it seems some of the features it has we could really benefit from.

 16:13:08 <smoser> well, yes, and then you'd likely need nova code changes to use it

 16:13:09 <zul> and it would be 0.9.4 as well

 16:13:12 <Daviey> So we should consider it.

 16:13:19 * utlemming joins late with apologies

 16:13:23 <zul> smoser: im well aware of that :)

 16:14:04 <zul> cool?

 16:14:22 <zul> anything else?

 16:14:27 <smoser> personally, unless there was a significant list of "these issues are *fixed*" i would suggest holding off on 2 underlying packages.

 16:14:31 <Daviey> Please do let me know about FFe bugs that are relevant.

 16:14:59 <zul> smoser: im going to merge it and test it this afternoon

 16:15:08 <Daviey> smoser: I agree with the concerns, but we should at least sniff them before nacking

 16:15:38 <Daviey> utlemming: Anything interesting expected to land this week in the cloud image area?

 16:16:26 <utlemming> Daviey: not per se, just behind the scenes type stuff

 16:16:46 <utlemming> I expect to have the arm images being side-by-side the ec2 images

 16:16:47 <Daviey> utlemming: rocking..

 16:16:58 <Daviey> Anyone waiving ensemble flag this week?

 16:17:06 <utlemming> although there doesn't appear to be an offical installable arm kernel for the cloud images

 16:17:30 <utlemming> linario is providing the arm kernel, so I am chasing that down

 16:17:37 <SpamapS> Ensemble needs an FFe .. working on that

 16:17:40 <Daviey> utlemming: I'll catch up with you after the meeting, the conversation carried on in #ubuntu-kernel

 16:18:01 <utlemming> k

 16:18:04 <Daviey> SpamapS: can you let me know of the FFe as soon as it is raised please.

 16:18:34 <Daviey> Anything else regarding oneiric development?

 16:18:48 <SpamapS> ack

 16:19:29 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:19:29 <meetingology> TOPIC: Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:19:36 <zul> hggdh: around?

 16:20:02 <zul> if not we can come back later to him

 16:20:07 <Daviey> hggdh_: If you catch this later, I need to catch up with you (or direct me to someone else)

 16:20:17 <Daviey> Regarding the plan to QA the beta candidates.

 16:20:30 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:20:30 <meetingology> TOPIC: Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:20:36 <smb> As mentioned above fixes bug bug 791850 and bug 784937 are in the latest oneiric kernel (and incidentally just appeared upstream as well)

 16:20:36 <zul> hi smb whats up doc?

 16:20:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 791850 in linux (Ubuntu Oneiric) "oneiric cluster compute (hvm) instances do not boot" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/791850

 16:20:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 784937 in linux (Ubuntu Oneiric) "/mnt not mounted, swap not used, disk is xvde" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/784937

 16:20:56 <smb> So next I get back to look at oneiric dom0

 16:20:56 <hggdh_> Daviey: OTP, will ping you in a few

 16:21:03 <smb> HVM still was having issues

 16:21:03 <Daviey> smb: If you continue to fix these issues, we'll have to find more stuff for you to handle. :)

 16:21:20 <zul> yeah ill get to xen this week :(

 16:21:45 <smb> zul, I am about to try to try the latest oneiric with oneiric dom0

 16:21:53 <Daviey> Keep in mind that the freeze this Thursday makes life much harder to land stuff after that.

 16:21:57 <zul> and i noticed that the cgroup bug that i raised was fixed commited as well

 16:22:21 <smb> As we now had xen 4.1.1 we may actually need the stuff that pv on hvm patch changed

 16:22:24 <Daviey> smb: HVM still having issues, what bug is that?

 16:22:43 <smb> Daviey, none yet actually.. :(

 16:23:12 <smb> Daviey, After ff there was a bit of time i needed to get the dom0 working again

 16:23:17 <Daviey> smb: Can you create one, even if empty initially - just for this to be tracked?

 16:23:24 <smb> Daviey, ack

 16:23:27 <Daviey> It's not an issue i think was known before

 16:23:45 <smb> Daviey, dom0 hvm worked with 4.1.0 of xen

 16:23:59 <smb> Just when we moved to 4.1.1 it broke (differently)

 16:24:01 <Daviey> smb: So bug 790712 is looking "ok" ?

 16:24:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 790712 in linux (Ubuntu Oneiric) "20110531 i386 server ISO: order 5 allocation failure during install" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/790712

 16:24:16 <Daviey> smb: xen being broken shocker?

 16:24:43 <smb> Daviey, Well ok is probably different

 16:25:06 <smb> It works with more ram... Actually have not looked at it for a while...

 16:25:24 <Daviey> smb: Ok, thanks for the update.  We appareicate you attention :)

 16:25:28 <Daviey> your

 16:26:07 <smb> Actually...

 16:27:06 <smb> hggdh_, I should see that in the logs but maybe you know off your head. Are the kenkins vms running with virtio disks or emulated controllers?

 16:27:14 <smb> jenkins*

 16:27:43 <Daviey> smb: I would have thought virtio, but jamespage (/away) or hggdh_ might know better.

 16:27:53 <smb> Anyway. Probably should be asked/answered in the bug

 16:27:55 <Daviey> I can dig into it later if that helps.

 16:28:11 <smb> ack, will try to check in log as well

 16:28:14 <smb> ..

 16:28:19 <Daviey> super

 16:28:21 <Daviey> thanks!

 16:28:33 <zul> cool moving on

 16:28:49 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (NCommander)

 16:28:49 <meetingology> TOPIC: Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (NCommander)

 16:29:06 <zul> is NCommander around?

 16:29:13 <Daviey> I believe he is travelling

 16:29:20 <zul> anyone from the arm team?

 16:29:32 <Daviey> ogra_: Don't suppose he briefed anyone else on the team?

 16:29:34 <GrueMaster> not me.

 16:29:41 <Daviey> or you GrueMaster :)

 16:30:16 <GrueMaster> afaik, NCommanderran into issues with lxc last week.  Not sure on the details.

 16:30:39 <GrueMaster> I am busy figuring out how to implement a ton of tests on arm server.

 16:31:04 <Daviey> GrueMaster: ok, thanks.  NCommander - when you see this, we need to talk.

 16:31:05 <zul> cool

 16:31:17 <GrueMaster> Making good progress on manual test execution.  Once I have all the tests figured out, I can work on automation.

 16:31:22 <hggdh_> smb: good Q... let me check. I would hope virtio

 16:32:02 <zul> moving on?

 16:32:29 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions from the Ubuntu Community

 16:32:29 <meetingology> TOPIC: Weekly Updates & Questions from the Ubuntu Community

 16:32:42 <Daviey> Wow!

 16:32:58 <zul> kim0: anything

 16:33:17 <Daviey> ersi is our latest triager, doing GREAT work.

 16:33:24 <zul> cool!

 16:33:29 <ersi> Hehe, hey there. :-)

 16:33:34 <Daviey> hey ersi o/

 16:33:51 <Daviey> lynxman has been contributing fixes this week.

 16:33:58 <ersi> Been pushin' them newies to the incompleties and confiries ;-)

 16:34:09 <Daviey> hggdh_ has also been most helpful with a number of packaging issues.

 16:34:28 <Daviey> ersi: every little helps.. if you need or support, do know you can ask :)

 16:34:59 <ersi> Of course!

 16:35:19 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:35:19 <meetingology> TOPIC: Open Discussion

 16:35:32 <zul> i like turtles, the chocolate kind

 16:35:52 <ersi> Mmmmh, beer etc.

 16:35:56 <Daviey> Just a (further) reminder that beta freeze is THIS thursday

 16:36:02 <zul> anyone want to raise something?

 16:36:35 <Daviey> If anyone has questions or concerns, please raise them now or shortly after the meeting in #ubuntu-server, or with me directly. Thanks.

 16:36:59 <zul> ...

 16:37:07 <Daviey> Can we go home now?

 16:37:24 <zul> yes

 16:37:32 <zul> same time same place next week

 16:37:34 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)