#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by ogra_ at 15:08:36 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-11-15.08.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MobileTeam/Meeting/2011/20110811 doesnt exist  (ogra_, 15:10:12)
 *standing items
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel.html   (ogra_, 15:11:34)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel-oneiric-beta-1.html   (ogra_, 15:11:51)
''ACTION:'' ogra to update WI tracker with new team name  (ogra_, 15:15:03)

 *ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20110811   (NCommander, 15:15:20)

 *Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)
''ACTION:'' janimo to look at libvirt after FF  (ogra_, 15:26:57)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:45:53 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * ogra to update WI tracker with new team name
 * janimo to look at libvirt after FF



== Action items, by person ==

 * janimo
 ** janimo to look at libvirt after FF



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (118)
 * infinity (21)
 * janimo (21)
 * GrueMaster (16)
 * meetingology (11)
 * NCommander (10)
 * cjwatson (7)
 * davidm (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:08:36 <ogra_> #startmeeting

 15:08:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 11 15:08:36 2011 UTC.  The chair is ogra_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:08:36 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 15:08:47 <ogra_> hmm, i dont have the urls handy, gimme a sec

 15:10:08 <ogra_> grmbl

 15:10:12 <ogra_> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MobileTeam/Meeting/2011/20110811 doesnt exist

 15:10:55 <ogra_> so i only have action items from a week ago

 15:11:03 <ogra_> i'll skip these for now ...

 15:11:19 <ogra_> [topic] standing items

 15:11:19 <meetingology> TOPIC: standing items

 15:11:34 <ogra_> http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel.html

 15:11:51 <ogra_> http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel-oneiric-beta-1.html

 15:12:29 <GrueMaster> try http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-arm-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html

 15:12:46 <infinity> The first graph seems more broken than I remember it.

 15:13:20 <ogra_> hmm, i still have to update the WI tracker code to pick up the new name

 15:13:39 * NCommander coughs a lng up

 15:13:42 <NCommander> *lung

 15:13:43 <ogra_> i guess that causes the weird graphs ... bear with me, its on my todo for after mx5 and ac100 have landed

 15:14:12 <ogra_> NCommander, do you remember any action items from last week ? (there was no wikipage and i dont remember them)

 15:14:33 <NCommander> ogra_: there's a wikipage, I sent the link out in the reminder email

 15:14:38 <ogra_> anyway....

 15:15:03 <ogra_> [action] ogra to update WI tracker with new team name

 15:15:03 * meetingology ogra to update WI tracker with new team name

 15:15:18 <ogra_> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 15:15:18 <meetingology> TOPIC: ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 15:15:20 <NCommander> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20110811

 15:15:42 <ogra_> oh whay is that arm now

 15:15:53 <ogra_> the others are all at /MobileTeam/Meeting/

 15:15:56 <NCommander> Because all the wiki pages were rearranged

 15:15:58 <ogra_> up to last week

 15:16:02 <ogra_> k

 15:16:12 <ogra_> anyway, how is the server looking ?

 15:17:02 <NCommander> Server images themselves work pretty well, though I found a bug  that occurs duringnetwork setup if you don't have internet access

 15:17:18 <infinity> That's unique to ARM?

 15:17:24 <ogra_> how was the LCX summit wrt arm stuff ?

 15:17:29 <ogra_> *LXC

 15:17:31 <NCommander> LXC is semi-foobared on omap4 due to kernel configuration issues, but a new kernel was uploaded yesterday to help to resolve it

 15:17:55 <NCommander> I'll be confirming LXC works out of the box when I can stop hacking up a lung

 15:17:57 <ogra_> funny that these werent taken over from .38

 15:18:15 <ogra_> iirc all these options were enabled in .38 already

 15:18:17 <infinity> ogra_: .38 had the same missing bits.

 15:18:37 <ogra_> ah, k

 15:18:53 <ogra_> just because the USER_NS bug was fix released already

 15:19:45 <ogra_> anything else for server ?

 15:19:57 <ogra_> .

 15:19:59 <ogra_> .

 15:20:01 <ogra_> .

 15:20:05 <ogra_> moving on

 15:20:11 <ogra_> [topic] Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:20:11 <meetingology> TOPIC: Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:20:19 <ogra_> neither is here

 15:20:44 <ogra_> anyone else got something for kernel (apart from the above wrt server)

 15:20:54 <janimo> should upload the linaro mx kernel today

 15:21:06 <janimo> sponsor it for linaro

 15:21:11 <ogra_> mahmoh is constantly cpmplaining that we have no omap4 srever flavour

 15:21:17 <GrueMaster> I ran into a snag with ipsec because of missing kernel bits.

 15:21:28 <GrueMaster> Should be fixed with latest kernel upload.

 15:21:37 <ogra_> yeah

 15:22:09 <infinity> I'm not convinced we need a -server kernel for a product that's essential a proof-of-concept, but...

 15:22:13 <ogra_> davidm, do we have any plans to make kernel teams life harder this release with an -omap4-server kernel ?

 15:22:15 <GrueMaster> If omap4 were a server product, I would see where having a server kernel would be nice.

 15:22:20 <ogra_> infinity, i agree

 15:22:30 <davidm> ogra_, I do not have any such plans

 15:22:36 <ogra_> good :)

 15:22:48 <ogra_> anything else for kernel ?

 15:22:55 <ogra_> .

 15:22:58 <ogra_> .

 15:23:01 <ogra_> .

 15:23:04 <ogra_> moving on

 15:23:08 <davidm> yep

 15:23:16 <ogra_> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:23:16 <meetingology> TOPIC: ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:23:28 <ogra_> the ftbfs list looks awful

 15:23:39 <janimo> nothing to report aside from the occasional givebacks to LP

 15:23:40 <ogra_> i nearly fell off my chair today when i checked it

 15:23:52 <janimo> ogra_, hmm it seemed to me it was usual

 15:23:55 * janimo checks again

 15:23:57 <infinity> Yeah, now that we're (well, sometime today) in FeatureFreeze, I'm jumping into FTBFS head-first.

 15:23:58 <ogra_> wasnt someone looking into ocaml three weeks ago ?

 15:24:27 <janimo> more than one person. NCommander and linaro gcc folk

 15:24:28 <infinity> NCommander was poking ocaml with a pointy stick.

 15:24:46 <infinity> And if/when that gets fixed, we can clean up a lot of our mess.

 15:24:48 <ogra_> might have left some holes ... but no fix :)

 15:24:55 <ogra_> right

 15:25:05 <janimo> emacs is not ARM specific but just happened to be a timing issue, likewise is server team. libvirt is new FTBFS

 15:25:06 <NCommander> I made some progress with ocaml but no fix

 15:25:19 <ogra_> yeah, and libvirt is weird

 15:25:37 <janimo> any progress with the panda cluster? That would also clean up the list quite a bit

 15:25:44 <ogra_> cjwatson came by in #ubuntu-arm asking about it ... i tried a local build and that fails in even earlier tests

 15:26:12 <ogra_> so another pair of eyes on libvirt would be appreciated

 15:26:14 <janimo> ogra_, I'll take a look at libvirt if noone else got it

 15:26:36 <ogra_> and probably a build with the last change rolled back to see if its introduced through that (which i think is unlikely)

 15:26:57 <ogra_> [action] janimo to look at libvirt after FF

 15:26:57 * meetingology janimo to look at libvirt after FF

 15:27:06 <ogra_> anything else ?

 15:27:09 <ogra_> .

 15:27:13 <ogra_> .

 15:27:17 <ogra_> .

 15:27:19 <ogra_> moving on

 15:27:20 * janimo bets on gcc

 15:27:37 <ogra_> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:27:37 <meetingology> TOPIC: ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:27:42 <ogra_> awful !

 15:28:23 <ogra_> the livefs builders committed suicide, x86 had livecd-rootfs removed and the archive is totally out of sync

 15:28:55 <davidm> Ouch

 15:29:22 <infinity> Yeah, the word of the day is "special".

 15:29:27 <ogra_> i was (trying to) working on the ac100 iamges ssince monday but instead of coding i'm actiually fighting the archive churn

 15:29:28 <infinity> But none of the special is ARM-specific.

 15:29:31 <NCommander> least A3 was last week

 15:29:45 <ogra_> infinity, the chrun is ports specific as usual

 15:29:51 <cjwatson> livecd-rootfs has been put back, FWIW, and measures taken to stop that happening again

 15:30:12 <ogra_> and it gets really annoying that i have to spend three days on the archive to actually be able to produce 1-2h of code work

 15:30:26 <GrueMaster> That might explain why my mirror decided to puke.

 15:30:27 <infinity> ogra_: Well, the unity churn was an issue (and I smacked that until it got fixed), but the ubuntu-one screwup was out of our hands, for instance.  And the livecd-rootfs thing.

 15:30:49 <cjwatson> I'm afraid to say that *somebody* has to spend that time on the archive at some point or stuff doesn't get fixed, in aggregate ...

 15:31:06 <ogra_> infinity, well, the ubuntuone breakage was fixed with a seed change and meta upload

 15:31:35 <ogra_> i was just to frustrated yesterday to actually do it, but it should be solved now

 15:31:40 <infinity> ogra_: Oh, they don't intend to reintroduce the gnome client?  The changelog seemed to indicate differently.

 15:31:43 <infinity> Grr.

 15:31:48 <ogra_> i dont care

 15:31:48 <infinity> cjwatson: *nod*

 15:31:58 <ogra_> if it comes back i'll happily seed it again

 15:32:20 <cjwatson> FWIW you didn't actually have to change the seeds - rebuilding ubuntu-meta would have sufficed

 15:32:26 <ogra_> but really, we need to get that archive skew thing fixed, thats why i'm moaning

 15:32:39 <cjwatson> and that would mean it would automatically revert if the package is reintroduced

 15:32:50 <infinity> cjwatson: Rebuilding meta would have dropped ubuntuone entirely, if it was being pulled in by the non-existant package.

 15:32:52 <ogra_> indeed

 15:32:57 <cjwatson> true

 15:33:27 <cjwatson> but ogra's seed change was *only* to comment out ubuntuone-client-gnome

 15:33:32 <infinity> Oh. :)

 15:33:33 <ogra_> anyway, i think we are burning lots of manhours fighting the archive issues every release ... just felt like mentioning it once again

 15:33:34 <infinity> Yeah, I didn't look.

 15:33:36 <cjwatson> for future reference rebuilding ubuntu-meta would've been enough

 15:34:01 <infinity> ogra_: Now that we're past FF, I'll be keeping a closer eye on archive stuff for us.

 15:34:12 <infinity> Well, almost past.  Whatever.

 15:34:14 <ogra_> infinity, and how would that help ?

 15:34:16 * infinity looks at a clock.

 15:34:22 <ogra_> you cant remove the sync issues

 15:34:35 <infinity> ogra_: Because catching things as they're a problem is much better than letting them stack up for two days and become an unresolvable mess?

 15:35:06 <ogra_> sure, but thats just curing the symptoms (as we do since 3 years)

 15:35:09 <ogra_> anyway

 15:35:14 <ogra_> lets move

 15:35:21 <ogra_> unless anyone else has something for image

 15:35:24 <ogra_> .

 15:35:27 <ogra_> .

 15:35:29 <ogra_> .

 15:35:33 <ogra_> moving on

 15:35:44 <ogra_> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster)

 15:35:44 <meetingology> TOPIC: QA Status (GrueMaster)

 15:36:12 <GrueMaster> Landscape testing works well.  Running the qa entropy script now, expect results in two weeks.

 15:36:24 <ogra_> heh

 15:36:43 <infinity> Plug in a keyboard and hire a cat to walk on it.

 15:36:54 <GrueMaster> My mirror is slowly being rebuilt, so until it finishes I can't do much automation.

 15:37:17 <janimo> so much entropy from that rsync activity going to waste

 15:37:52 <GrueMaster> The entropy test is a server workitem.

 15:38:31 <GrueMaster> Will look into iSCSI or LAVA today.  Haven't decided which will be more exciting.

 15:38:54 <GrueMaster> Especially given that I can't reimage with netinstall atm.

 15:39:35 <GrueMaster> Nothing else to report.

 15:39:56 <ogra_> any questions ? else i'll move to AOB

 15:40:02 <ogra_> .

 15:40:05 <ogra_> .

 15:40:07 <ogra_> .

 15:40:10 <ogra_> moving on

 15:40:16 <ogra_> [topic] AOB

 15:40:16 <meetingology> TOPIC: AOB

 15:40:30 <ogra_> so seeing #linaro there are some changes ahead for us

 15:40:41 <ogra_> seems x-loader gets dropped

 15:40:51 <janimo> from where?

 15:40:52 <ogra_> which means we need to adjust the image builders

 15:41:01 <ogra_> janimo, by linaro

 15:41:05 <janimo> can omap boot without it?

 15:41:14 <GrueMaster> What are they replacing it with?

 15:41:17 <ogra_> they roll a u-boot that can run without x-loader

 15:41:31 <GrueMaster> ah

 15:41:32 <ogra_> see #linaro for further info ...

 15:41:32 <janimo> getting rid of software wothout losing features is good

 15:41:42 <ogra_> i just felt that fits into AOB :)

 15:41:50 <janimo> first time I hear about it

 15:41:54 <ogra_> me too

 15:42:10 <ogra_> just wanted to mention that debian-cd will need adjustment

 15:42:15 <ogra_> and jasper probably too

 15:42:22 <GrueMaster> It will be interesting to see if it works.

 15:42:26 <ogra_> thats all from my side

 15:42:28 <janimo> ah getting rid of the debian package for xloader

 15:42:36 <janimo> but still need MLO on the disk

 15:42:49 <GrueMaster> Considering the 2nd stage needs to fit in 64k and u-boot is 227k.

 15:42:56 <janimo> I was hoping they found a way to not use a bootloader to load a bootloader to load a bootloader as now

 15:43:11 <ogra_> there is a solution

 15:43:24 <ogra_> you can add a binary header to the u-boot binary

 15:43:37 <GrueMaster> Oh.  They're combining x-loader & u-boot into one package with 2 binaries?  Make sense.

 15:43:37 <ogra_> there are some docs on omappedia about that

 15:44:11 <ogra_> anyway, no need to discuss details in the meeting, we just need to make the builder changes at the same time the package change

 15:44:21 <ogra_> and it looks like that will happen after FF

 15:44:24 <janimo> are they planning it in the oneiric timeframe?

 15:44:30 <janimo> ok

 15:44:34 <ogra_> yeah

 15:44:44 <ogra_> there was talk about an FFe

 15:44:50 <ogra_> anything else ?

 15:44:53 <ogra_> .

 15:44:55 <ogra_> .

 15:44:58 <ogra_> .

 15:45:02 <janimo> interesting conqequences of having 6 months vs 1 month release cycles project working on similar things :)

 15:45:13 <ogra_> heh, yeah

 15:45:21 <ogra_> going once

 15:45:26 <ogra_> twice ....

 15:45:46 <ogra_> ... sold to the dogowning QA guy in portland

 15:45:53 <ogra_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)