#title #ubuntu-meeting: Previous Actions

Meeting started by nuclearbob at 17:00:17 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-07-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions

 *Community Efforts/Testing

 *Automated/Systems Testing

 *Odds & Ends
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/iso-testing-open-oneiric.html   (nuclearbob, 17:14:37)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/oneiric-milestone-bugs.html   (nuclearbob, 17:14:54)

 *Next Chait

 *Next Chair
''ACTION:'' gema to chair next meeting  (nuclearbob, 17:19:21)



Meeting ended at 17:20:15 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * gema to chair next meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * nuclearbob (39)
 * pedro_ (5)
 * charlie-tca (4)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:17 <nuclearbob> #startmeeting

 17:00:17 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Sep  7 17:00:17 2011 UTC.  The chair is nuclearbob. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:00:17 <meetingology> 

 17:00:17 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:36 <nuclearbob> #meetingtopic Previous Actions

 17:01:00 <nuclearbob> [TOPIC] Previous Actions

 17:01:19 <nuclearbob> anything left over from last week?

 17:01:30 <charlie-tca> Nothing I can remember

 17:01:49 <nuclearbob> all right

 17:02:08 <nuclearbob> [TOPIC] Community Efforts/Testing

 17:03:37 <nuclearbob> any updates for this since yesterday's status emails?

 17:05:14 <nuclearbob> sounds like no

 17:05:14 <nuclearbob> I guess we can move on

 17:05:14 <nuclearbob> [TOPIC] Automated/Systems Testing

 17:06:08 <nuclearbob> bjf, are you still with us or have you rotated back to the kernel team?

 17:07:32 <nuclearbob> I guess while I'm at it, who is here today?

 17:07:42 <charlie-tca> o/

 17:08:02 <pedro_> o/

 17:09:34 <nuclearbob> I've been working with patrickmw and bjf on automated testing, we're trying to get ltp results created in a virtual machine inserted into a database so they'll be automatically pulled out before the vm is destroyed and then they can be logged by jenkins

 17:09:37 <charlie-tca> Well, that makes your first time as chair harder

 17:09:58 <nuclearbob> yeah

 17:10:35 <nuclearbob> I think bjf will soon be or already is rotated back to the kernel team, so I'll be picking up the work he was doing

 17:10:47 <nuclearbob> anything else on Automated/Systems Testing?

 17:11:16 <nuclearbob> all right

 17:11:25 <nuclearbob> [TOPIC] Odds & Ends

 17:13:00 <nuclearbob> Gema has been going over possible use case configurations and trying to narrow down a good subset of them to test

 17:13:43 <nuclearbob> different factors were network connectivity, os layout, partition layout, memory, available disk space, and file systems in use

 17:14:37 <nuclearbob> bjf created some bug tracking reports here:

 17:14:37 <nuclearbob> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/iso-testing-open-oneiric.html

 17:14:41 <nuclearbob> and here:

 17:14:54 <nuclearbob> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/oneiric-milestone-bugs.html

 17:15:01 <nuclearbob> anything else?

 17:15:18 <pedro_> are those being updated regularly?

 17:15:55 <nuclearbob> the last bugs

 17:16:06 <nuclearbob> I see are from the 1st, so I'm not sure if they are

 17:16:31 <pedro_> ah it says : "2011-09-02 00:27:54.043914"

 17:17:08 <nuclearbob> I'll get information from Brad on what needs to be done to get those up to date and see about taking over that process

 17:17:28 <pedro_> nuclearbob, awesome, thanks

 17:17:45 <nuclearbob> any other odds or ends?

 17:18:09 <nuclearbob> all right

 17:18:10 <nuclearbob> [TOPIC] Next Chait

 17:18:15 <nuclearbob> [TOPIC] Next Chair

 17:18:38 <nuclearbob> last week we planned for Gema to take this meeting and I was going to take next week, but Gema was unavailable today, so we swapped

 17:18:50 <nuclearbob> unless anyone objects, Gema will chair the next meeting

 17:18:55 <pedro_> heh sounds like a plan then ;-)

 17:19:11 <charlie-tca> great

 17:19:14 <nuclearbob> all right

 17:19:21 <nuclearbob> [ACTION] gema to chair next meeting

 17:19:21 * meetingology gema to chair next meeting

 17:19:32 <nuclearbob> anything else?

 17:20:08 <nuclearbob> all right, thanks everybody, see you next week

 17:20:15 <nuclearbob> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)