#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by wendar at 15:10:33 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-12-15.10.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Oneiric Release Meeting overview - wendar
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-08-12   (wendar, 15:10:52)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FreezeExceptionProcess   (wendar, 15:11:09)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs   (wendar, 15:11:49)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.milestone%   (wendar, 15:11:49)
''LINK:'' https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dGZqcm9YS083V19XT1RSMmV1RFJ2U3c6MQ   (wendar, 15:11:57)

 *QA team update -  jibel or pgraner

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/oneiric-testing/oneiric_alpha3.html   (mlegris, 15:20:34)

 *Security team update - micahg or mdeslaur
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (micahg, 15:23:12)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html   (micahg, 15:23:12)

 *Kernel team update - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogasawara, 15:26:50)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html   (ogasawara, 15:26:50)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team.svg   (ogasawara, 15:26:50)

 *Foundations team update - cjwatson

 *ARM team update - ogra
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogra_, 15:36:45)

 *Linaro update - fabo or rsalveti

 *Desktop Team update - kenvandine or seb128 or pitti
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus   (seb128, 15:52:54)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-desktop-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html   (seb128, 15:52:54)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-desktop-team.html   (seb128, 15:52:54)

 *Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth or njpatel

 *Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 *Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 *Edubuntu Team update - highvoltage

 *Toolchain update - slangasek or doko

 *MOTU team update - tumbleweed
''LINK:'' http://corelli.tumbleweed.org.za/ubuntu-qa/qa-ftbfs/oneiric-historical.html   (tumbleweed, 16:22:31)
''LINK:'' http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/bugs/rcbugs/oneiric/   (tumbleweed, 16:22:37)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/   (tumbleweed, 16:22:41)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/nbs.html   (tumbleweed, 16:22:44)

 *Toolchain update - slangasek or doko



Meeting ended at 16:34:31 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wendar (87)
 * ogra_ (32)
 * dbarth (28)
 * jibel (23)
 * seb128 (19)
 * cjwatson (18)
 * ogasawara (18)
 * meetingology (18)
 * charlie-tca (17)
 * tumbleweed (12)
 * micahg (11)
 * fabo (11)
 * stgraber (10)
 * mlegris (9)
 * slangasek (7)
 * doko (5)
 * ScottK (5)
 * AlanBell (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * mdeslaur (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:10:33 <wendar> #startmeeting

 15:10:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Aug 12 15:10:33 2011 UTC.  The chair is wendar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:10:33 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 15:10:36 <AlanBell> yay

 15:10:38 <wendar> yay!

 15:10:50 <wendar> onward...

 15:10:52 <wendar> #topic Oneiric Release Meeting overview - wendar

 15:10:52 <meetingology> TOPIC: Oneiric Release Meeting overview - wendar

 15:10:52 <wendar> .

 15:10:52 <wendar> Agenda is at:

 15:10:52 <wendar> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-08-12

 15:10:53 <wendar> .

 15:11:00 <AlanBell> interestingly enough, unloading a plugin isn't case sensitive, but loading it again is!

 15:11:09 <AlanBell> and the plugin is "MeetBot"

 15:11:09 <wendar> 11.10 FeatureFreeze : August 11, 2011 at 2100 UTC

 15:11:09 <wendar> If new features still need to be uploaded,  please follow:

 15:11:09 <wendar> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FreezeExceptionProcess

 15:11:11 <wendar> .

 15:11:13 <wendar> Upcoming events:

 15:11:15 <wendar> - 11.10 BetaFreeze: Aug 25, 2011 at 2100 UTC.

 15:11:17 <wendar> - 11.10 UserInterfaceFreeze: August 25, 2011 at 2100 UTC.

 15:11:19 <wendar> - 11.10 Beta 1: Sept 1, 2011.

 15:11:22 <wendar> .

 15:11:37 <slangasek> AlanBell: yay posix semantics :)

 15:11:49 <wendar> Bugs targetted for this release can be found:

 15:11:49 <wendar> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs

 15:11:49 <wendar> Bugs milestoned for oneiric beta-1 are at:

 15:11:49 <wendar> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.milestone%

 15:11:49 <wendar> 3Alist=39143

 15:11:50 <wendar> .

 15:11:53 <wendar> Other news:

 15:11:55 <wendar> Please take a moment to complete the bug life cycle survey,

 15:11:57 <wendar> #link https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dGZqcm9YS083V19XT1RSMmV1RFJ2U3c6MQ

 15:11:59 <wendar> your input on helping us improve our workflow would be much appreciated. The survey closes next Friday.

 15:12:01 <wendar> .

 15:12:26 <wendar> Reminder:   please use ".." on separate line when you've finished

 15:12:26 <wendar> typing.   If someone wants to comment during the updates, please "o/",

 15:12:26 <wendar> so we know to wait.

 15:12:26 <wendar> questions?

 15:12:28 <wendar> ..

 15:13:17 <wendar> #topic QA team update -  jibel or pgraner

 15:13:17 <meetingology> TOPIC: QA team update -  jibel or pgraner

 15:13:28 <jibel> Hey all

 15:14:00 <jibel> * Automated Testing progress

 15:14:07 <jibel> * public jenkins is available: https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/

 15:14:42 <jibel> Test from the private instance will be added to the public instance in the coming weeks

 15:14:49 <jibel> * Created isolated VM environment for DX to run tests

 15:15:02 <jibel> * New tests added to daily run for alternate and desktop OEM install

 15:15:28 <jibel> * Follow up on A3 ISO Testing

 15:15:42 <jibel> * bugs from Alpha 3 ISO Testing have been affected to the engineering team or defect analysts for review.

 15:16:06 <jibel> * Bug activity

 15:16:12 <jibel> * Top 5 packages with most opened bugs reported during last week (over a total of 471 unique reports (no dups))

 15:16:15 <jibel> unity: 50 reports (10.62%)

 15:16:18 <jibel> compiz: 26 reports (5.52%)

 15:16:22 <jibel> linux: 20 reports (4.25%)

 15:16:25 <jibel> software-center: 19 reports (4.03%)

 15:16:29 <jibel> nautilus: 17 reports (3.61%)

 15:16:35 <jibel> * 33 reports are regression (7% of the bugs reported over last week)

 15:16:42 <jibel> unity/compiz, ati and intel video driver and various gnome applications

 15:16:46 <jibel> ..

 15:16:50 <jibel> any questions ?

 15:16:56 <jibel> or comment

 15:17:14 <charlie-tca> o/

 15:17:42 <jibel> charlie-tca, please ask

 15:18:03 <charlie-tca> Does jenkins being public mean we can now get Xubuntu images tested automatically?

 15:18:31 <charlie-tca> or is that not an appropriate question here and I will discuss later?

 15:19:03 <jibel> it is not ready yet, we'll first publish what we are currently running on the private instance.

 15:19:16 <charlie-tca> Okay, thanks

 15:19:23 <charlie-tca> ..

 15:19:35 <jibel> we can talk about it during next qa meeting, please add an item to the agenda

 15:19:35 <wendar> Any more questions for jibel?

 15:20:14 <wendar> #topic Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 15:20:14 <meetingology> TOPIC: Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 15:20:21 <mlegris> Hi all o/

 15:20:26 <mlegris> [Week 32 Testing Report]

 15:20:26 <mlegris> A3 Testing this week, ~200 systems being manually tested

 15:20:34 <mlegris> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/oneiric-testing/oneiric_alpha3.html

 15:20:43 <mlegris> ~100 tested so far, about halfway through the laptop/desktop pile :)

 15:20:57 <mlegris> .

 15:20:57 <mlegris> Bugs:

 15:20:57 <mlegris> ~20 HW specific bugs reported against Oneiric

 15:21:06 <mlegris> ..

 15:22:07 <wendar> any questions?

 15:22:48 <wendar> #topic Security team update - micahg or mdeslaur

 15:22:48 <meetingology> TOPIC: Security team update - micahg or mdeslaur

 15:23:12 <micahg> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:23:12 <micahg> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html

 15:23:12 <micahg> We are on the trend line for our assigned work items in our blueprints. We are trying to balance reactive security with work items at this time, and are getting to our remaining work items as time allows.

 15:23:12 <micahg> A new apparmor snapshot landed before Feature Freeze, there might be a need for an FFe for the dbus mediation, but we'll know more next week.

 15:23:13 <micahg> Looking at the list of oneiric bugs, I don't see anything else worth highlighting.

 15:23:15 <micahg> ..

 15:24:00 <wendar> Any other FFe's likely from security?

 15:24:47 <micahg> Depending on if I have time, I might need some for apparmor browser profiles

 15:25:01 <micahg> but it's already getting late for that

 15:25:06 <mdeslaur> possibly a couple of FFe's to continue migrating away from gksu to pkexec

 15:25:51 <wendar> ok, thanks

 15:25:58 <wendar> other questions for micahg?

 15:26:45 <wendar> #topic Kernel team update - ogasawara

 15:26:45 <meetingology> TOPIC: Kernel team update - ogasawara

 15:26:50 <ogasawara> Overall status is reported at the first link below.  Burn down for Oneiric Beta-1 is at the second link below.  Burndown for the cycle is at the third link:

 15:26:50 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:26:50 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html

 15:26:50 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team.svg

 15:27:07 <ogasawara> Last week we uploaded the Ubuntu 3.0.0-8.10 kernel.  This was rebased onto upstream stable v3.0.1.  We've queued some security and bug fixes recently and plan to upload soon.  We are currently trending above our burn down chats and will begin raising any outstanding work items that need finishing with the team.  They are not release critical.

 15:27:25 <ogasawara> Of the bugs called out on the agenda against the kernel, status is as follows:

 15:27:33 <ogasawara> #542660: looks to be related to EFI boot not loading the video bios into ram.

 15:27:33 <ogasawara> #557261: awaiting updated dmesg output.

 15:27:33 <ogasawara> #708286: assigned to kernel dev and actively being investigated.

 15:27:33 <ogasawara> #754711: on a 3.0 oneiric kernel, system now suspends but doesn't resume.  systemtap debug scripts to help investigate are being worked on for Oneiric, see 815944 (systemtap fix recently posted upstream).

 15:27:33 <ogasawara> #758486: updated debug information attached, investigation ongoing.

 15:27:34 <ogasawara> #760131: partly fixed in Oneiric and soon natty, more analysis ongoing upstream.

 15:27:38 <ogasawara> #784937: investigation by kernel dev still ongoing as well as discussion with upstream.

 15:27:40 <ogasawara> #790712: the order 5 allocation seems to be bogus and non-fatal; further investigation ongoing.

 15:27:42 <ogasawara> #791850: kernel dev able to reproduce on a CentOS test system.  appears to have isolated the bad commit.  investigation remains ongoing.

 15:27:45 <ogasawara> #793486: the requested debug info has been attached, investigation ongoing.

 15:28:01 <ogasawara> Questions?

 15:28:02 <ogasawara> ..

 15:29:32 <wendar> #topic Foundations team update - cjwatson

 15:29:32 <meetingology> TOPIC: Foundations team update - cjwatson

 15:29:51 <cjwatson> Feature progress this week:

 15:29:51 <cjwatson> * foundations-o-ipv6-healthcheck: d-i now supports IPv6.

 15:29:51 <cjwatson> * desktop-o-gtk3-gnome3: Completed Ubiquity port to PyGI.  (This is blocked on resolving webcam-related dependencies before upload, but that should be finished ASAP; Evan is going to write an FFe request.)

 15:29:55 <cjwatson> * foundations-o-great-cd-debate: Allison's USB seeds landed (and decrufted).  After discussion with Kate et al, we'll finish converting the DVD images to these next week.

 15:29:58 <cjwatson> * desktop-o-cd-localization: syslinux-theme-ubuntu uploaded, and fixed some associated live-build issues.  The generated images are still somewhat broken, but should be easily fixable at this point.

 15:30:03 <cjwatson> * foundations-o-ubiquity: Wireless networking page merged.

 15:30:05 <cjwatson> * Upstart: Sprint held last week: see https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/upstart-devel/2011-August/001707.html for a summary.

 15:30:09 <cjwatson> * foundations-o-dhpython-transition: python-support and python-central removed from all Ubuntu CDs by FF.

 15:30:12 <cjwatson> * foundations-o-multiarch-next-steps: skype installable from the archive via multiarch (modulo a Qt fix).

 15:30:16 <cjwatson> I don't have a bug update right now, just working our way through them ...

 15:30:33 <cjwatson> Also part of the multiarch spec is still pending an LP rollout

 15:30:42 <cjwatson> ..

 15:31:07 <wendar> Questions for cjwatson?

 15:31:55 <wendar> Any FFe's anticipated from Foundations?

 15:32:11 <cjwatson> ubiquity as mentioned above

 15:32:59 <cjwatson> it's possible we'll need something for the tail-end of localised image building

 15:33:45 <cjwatson> I think the apt mirror method is probably shelved for this cycle due to being blocked on IS, but if IS come through on that it's possible we might consider that since the code is mostly done on our side

 15:34:02 <cjwatson> aside from that I'm not aware of anything but I will keep the release team informed if anything else does come to my attention

 15:34:15 <wendar> great

 15:34:48 <cjwatson> (this may reflect my lack of knowledge as much as anything else though ;-) )

 15:35:16 <wendar> (skaet asked me to pester everyone about FFe's, so she can look over the logs later)

 15:35:24 <cjwatson> yeah

 15:35:47 <wendar> Daviey and most of the server team are traveling after the sprint, so we'll skip them.

 15:36:04 <wendar> But, I hear great progress was made this week.

 15:36:20 <wendar> #topic ARM team update - ogra

 15:36:20 <meetingology> TOPIC: ARM team update - ogra

 15:36:30 <ogra_> oops

 15:36:45 <ogra_> = Full Status is at: =

 15:36:45 <ogra_> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:36:45 <ogra_> --

 15:36:45 <ogra_> = Summary =

 15:36:45 <ogra_> - Parts of the ARM team attended the LXC/server meeting this week.

 15:36:46 <ogra_> - TI/linaro reworked u-boot to not need a separate x-loader package anymore, this will require some changes

 15:36:49 <ogra_> to build system and bootloader tools which will likely need freeze exceptions (the change sadly was only announced yesterday)

 15:36:52 <ogra_> - Cleanup of jasper is ongoing

 15:36:54 <ogra_> - AC100 image is in progess, ac100-tarball installer sits in NEW awaiting review, debian-cd changes are pending

 15:36:57 <ogra_> - mx5 images are in progress, kernel sits in NEW, awaiting review

 15:36:59 <ogra_> - server QA testing is ongoing

 15:37:01 <ogra_> --

 15:37:03 <ogra_> = Image Status =

 15:37:05 <ogra_> - Desktop images don't build due to archive skew

 15:37:07 <ogra_> - Server images build and install fine

 15:37:09 <ogra_> - Netboot images work fine

 15:37:11 <ogra_> --

 15:37:13 <ogra_> = Specs =

 15:37:17 <ogra_> - Entire http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel.html

 15:37:19 <ogra_> - B1 http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-armel-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html

 15:37:21 <ogra_> (the tracker has only been adjusted today for the new launchpad team name, WI tracker should pick up tomorrow)

 15:38:01 <ogra_> ..

 15:38:24 <wendar> Questions for ogra?

 15:38:55 <dbarth> o/

 15:39:00 <ogra_> shoot

 15:39:12 <dbarth> GL-ES patches for compiz / nux

 15:39:31 <dbarth> do you have the "bandwidth" to take that at this stage?

 15:39:47 <dbarth> (there should be a discussion on monday about that in the team as well)

 15:39:57 <ogra_> afaik the patches exiswt and are on their way upstrream

 15:40:17 <dbarth> right, but i want to get a feel of who's onboard to have that change go

 15:40:24 <dbarth> we can take that offline or on monday

 15:40:28 <ogra_> ok

 15:40:49 <ogra_> it is expected that we ship GLES support in unity in oneiric

 15:41:11 <ogra_> so we better find out who adds them ;)

 15:42:07 <dbarth> the branch arrived a few days ago, right, we need to find out

 15:42:35 <ogra_> afaik it shouldnt be much effort though given they were all written in an upstreamable way for natty

 15:43:05 <ogra_> anything else ?

 15:43:10 <dbarth> nope

 15:43:14 <ogra_> :)

 15:43:40 <ogra_> ..

 15:43:43 <wendar> #topic Linaro update - fabo or rsalveti

 15:43:43 <meetingology> TOPIC: Linaro update - fabo or rsalveti

 15:43:50 <fabo> o/

 15:43:58 <fabo> Linaro update - courtesy of rsalveti

 15:44:10 <fabo> * Cross toolchain based on 4.6 for armel/armhf updated against latest gcc update

 15:44:13 <fabo> * linux-linaro-lt-mx5 (freescale landing team tree, based on .38 with Natty's sauce on top) pushed to the archive, janimo will be creating ubuntu images with it for imx53

 15:44:16 <fabo> * Good discussions at Connect about continuous integration and validation for the Linaro components. Upstream and Linaro kernel validation should be the first steps.

 15:44:19 <fabo> * May need a FFe if the x-loader replacement with U-Boot SPL goes fine with Linaro 11.08 release (require image changes for at least omap 4)

 15:44:22 <fabo> * Good progress at bug 810402 by Dave Martin, seems we have at least a valid workaround, what should help with tons of ARM FTBFS

 15:44:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 810402 in ocaml (Ubuntu Oneiric) "all native ocaml programs segfault on armel" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/810402

 15:44:25 <fabo> * Seems no progress with bug 775849, we had a conversation with Michael Hope and doko, but it seems this bug is still not at the TWG radar

 15:44:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 775849 in eglibc (Ubuntu) "[armel] eglibc test regressions on armel in oneiric" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/775849

 15:44:28 <fabo> ..

 15:44:53 <wendar> Any questions for fabo?

 15:45:45 <doko> fabo: the TWG doesn't seem to be responsible for it

 15:46:28 <fabo> doko: the bug is assigned to the TWG. If they aren't responsible, we should find the right assignee

 15:47:48 <wendar> doko: any suggestions on who should take it on?

 15:47:56 <doko> ubuntu-arm?

 15:50:30 <wendar> sounds like there may be a little bug handoff needed, we can find out if they're willing to adopt it this week

 15:50:47 <fabo> well, please re-assign to ubuntu-arm. we'll follow with the TWG in case they find time to look at it.

 15:50:55 <wendar> will add it to the action items so kate remembers to check up on it next week

 15:51:33 <wendar> ogra: ^

 15:51:46 <wendar> other questions for fabo?

 15:52:34 <wendar> #topic Desktop Team update - kenvandine or seb128 or pitti

 15:52:34 <meetingology> TOPIC: Desktop Team update - kenvandine or seb128 or pitti

 15:52:45 <seb128> hey wendar

 15:52:48 <wendar> hi

 15:52:50 <seb128> pitti is travelling back so it's me

 15:52:54 <seb128> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus

 15:52:54 <seb128> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-desktop-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-1.html

 15:52:54 <seb128> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-desktop-team.html

 15:53:04 <seb128> * Reduced activity during a part of the week due the desktop summit participation and holidays

 15:53:04 <seb128> * We got most of the feature landed before the feature freeze though

 15:53:04 <seb128> * New unity and indicator stack got uploaded on time for the freeze (with quite some bugs though)

 15:53:04 <seb128> * Compiz still pending from dx, will likely need a ffe

 15:53:04 <seb128> * GNOME 3.1.5 coming next week

 15:53:08 <seb128> 

 15:53:13 <seb128> * pitti pinged me just an hour before the meeting so I didn't manage to review the bug list, we will do that next week now that the ff is over

 15:53:13 <seb128> * the retracers are down, not sure when they will be sorted

 15:53:14 <seb128> * we will like have a ffe requests (lightdm, gwibber, telepathy-indicator, thunderbird u1 contacts syncing, ...)

 15:53:17 <seb128> ..

 15:53:50 <wendar> Questions for seb128?

 15:55:10 <wendar> #topic Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth or njpatel

 15:55:10 <meetingology> TOPIC: Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth or njpatel

 15:55:29 <dbarth> hi

 15:55:37 <dbarth> full report at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/OneiricReleaseStatus

 15:55:46 <dbarth> to add to what seb128 just said

 15:55:59 <dbarth> unity 4.8 released on time, along with unity-2d

 15:56:11 <dbarth> we have bugs but we're there

 15:56:55 <dbarth> the compiz release was scattered later this week: we have test package ready, we're assessing the quality of the latest changes to request an FFE or fallback to an earlier version

 15:57:29 <dbarth> indicators got a nice update with the rest of the peripherals support we had planned for O

 15:57:55 <dbarth> the touch team has hit 100% on the work items board, with eog / evince support now in 11.10

 15:58:31 <dbarth> and we're on top of the upper half of the CJK issue, knowing that the bottom half is now fixed

 15:58:51 <dbarth> i take this occasion to remind people about the CJK call for testing sent o u-devel this week

 15:59:11 <dbarth> status for the bugs on the radar:

 15:59:17 <dbarth> [805063]: on the work list, will start fixing those regressions next week

 15:59:19 <dbarth> [806358]: probably a driver issue, passed to Jay for further investigation with the xorg team

 15:59:20 <dbarth> [809378]: didrocks on top of it, was fixed but there is a further regression elsewhere

 15:59:22 <dbarth> [814065]: invalid, design guidance sought

 15:59:23 <dbarth> [810145]: incomplete, investigating to get a reproducible test case

 15:59:25 <dbarth> ..

 16:00:16 <wendar> Any other FFE's anticipated beyond what you and seb already mentioned?

 16:01:04 <dbarth> an update to the music lens maybe

 16:01:16 <dbarth> but that's still discussed closely with desktop and the release team

 16:01:34 <wendar> a delightfully short list, thanks

 16:01:46 <wendar> other questions for dbarth?

 16:01:50 <dbarth> hpopefully yes ;)

 16:03:02 <wendar> #topic Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 16:03:02 <meetingology> TOPIC: Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 16:03:38 <doko> seb128: when will gnome updates start next week?

 16:04:00 <seb128> doko, today, I'm going to upload a few, continued on monday and tuesday next week

 16:04:30 <doko> gah ...

 16:06:06 <wendar> doko: want to elaborate before we go on to Edubuntu? or, just a passing comment?

 16:06:41 <doko> no, just did hope for some stability for a test rebuild

 16:08:02 <ScottK> wendar: I'm here now.

 16:08:38 <wendar> seb128/doko: sounds like it would be helpful to coordinate a time of relative stability

 16:08:41 <ScottK> For Kubuntu we are in good shape for base KDE/distro packages.  We didn't get all the feature work done we wanted due to less manpower this cycle.

 16:09:22 <ScottK> I anticipate a standing FFe for additional (tech preview) work on plasma-mobile/active work.

 16:10:06 <ScottK> slangasek multiarch'ed qt4-x11 yesterday, so waiting to see how that works out.

 16:10:07 <ScottK> ...

 16:10:27 <wendar> Questions for ScottK?

 16:11:40 <wendar> #topic Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 16:11:40 <meetingology> TOPIC: Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 16:11:56 <charlie-tca> There were no desktop images all week. We have gotten fresh desktop images today. Don't know if they work yet because the syncs are taking a long time due to the massive changes.

 16:12:08 <charlie-tca> * #789333: "users-admin crashes on start because of mixed GTK2 and 3 symbols" - derivatives are working on this, hopefully will have a fix for beta1.

 16:12:20 <charlie-tca> * #799238: "Xubuntu i386 and amd64 20110618 xserver abort" - resolved with current xorg

 16:12:28 <charlie-tca> * #820731: "Oneiric Ocelot Xubuntu Desktop images fail to install" - Don't know which casper upload fixed it, there were two. One of them did fix the issues.

 16:12:40 <charlie-tca> * #820460: "User not created with encrypted home partition: user-setup exit code 32" - fixed

 16:12:52 <charlie-tca> Don't really know what the status of lightdm is now for derivatives. Not having valid images made testing difficult.

 16:13:03 <charlie-tca> Xubuntu will ask for FFe's as they come up. We are waiting for things to settle down now after FeatureFreeze to see how good  everything is. :)

 16:13:11 <charlie-tca> Any questions?

 16:13:13 <charlie-tca> ..

 16:14:29 <wendar> #topic Edubuntu Team update - highvoltage

 16:14:29 <meetingology> TOPIC: Edubuntu Team update - highvoltage

 16:14:48 <stgraber> highvoltage: around? or should I do the Edubuntu update?

 16:15:20 <stgraber> hmm, guess I'll go ahead (quite likely highvoltage is out for lunch at this time)

 16:15:44 <stgraber> so not much on Edubuntu's side. alpha-3 went quite well and we didn't have anything big to push by feature freeze

 16:16:03 <stgraber> the biggest news is that our installer is now fully translated (took a long time to get it working)

 16:16:30 <stgraber> I fixed LTSP to actually install and work but we'll still need to rewrite the current LTSP live plugin as it doesn't work with NM 0.9

 16:17:00 <stgraber> we'll file a FFe for the LTSP live work (as it's going to be a full rewrite to use the NM API instead of ignoring it)

 16:17:27 <stgraber> I saw that lightdm is now apparently fixed to work for derivatives so that's still on our todo list (as we offer two choices of desktop environment)

 16:17:36 <stgraber> other than that, I think that's it for Edubuntu

 16:17:42 <stgraber> any questions?

 16:17:43 <stgraber> ..

 16:19:07 <wendar> gilir is on holiday, so we'll skip Lubuntu

 16:19:16 <wendar> #topic Toolchain update - slangasek or doko

 16:19:16 <meetingology> TOPIC: Toolchain update - slangasek or doko

 16:22:16 <wendar> they were both around earlier, perhaps they'll pop back on in a minute

 16:22:18 <wendar> #topic MOTU team update - tumbleweed

 16:22:18 <meetingology> TOPIC: MOTU team update - tumbleweed

 16:22:31 <tumbleweed> The usual, lots of FTBFS packages:

 16:22:31 <tumbleweed> http://corelli.tumbleweed.org.za/ubuntu-qa/qa-ftbfs/oneiric-historical.html

 16:22:34 <tumbleweed> a handful of RC Bugs to look at merging/picking:

 16:22:37 <tumbleweed> http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/bugs/rcbugs/oneiric/

 16:22:39 <tumbleweed> a good number of unfinished transitions:

 16:22:41 <tumbleweed> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/

 16:22:44 <tumbleweed> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/nbs.html

 16:22:51 <tumbleweed> I saw a few new releases and dh_python2 transitions without FFes, this morning. I assume we're giving them some slack for a day or so?

 16:23:09 <slangasek> (sorry, I'm here, was just checking with doko which of us should give the update)

 16:23:34 <tumbleweed> anyway, that's me

 16:23:35 <tumbleweed> ..

 16:24:16 <wendar> they should have FFE's, feel free to remind folks who missed

 16:24:33 <wendar> questions for tumbleweed?

 16:25:00 <tumbleweed> oh, micahg reminds me that he intends to FFe eclipse (if it's possible without breaking the universe)

 16:26:27 <wendar> fortunately, eclipse is more of a "leaf" package than a "root node" package

 16:26:48 <wendar> but, I imagine skaet will want to do some dependency checking

 16:27:11 <wendar> back to...

 16:27:13 <wendar> #topic Toolchain update - slangasek or doko

 16:27:13 <meetingology> TOPIC: Toolchain update - slangasek or doko

 16:27:42 <micahg> wendar: it is, but its deps aren't necessarily :)

 16:27:55 <slangasek> the last toolchain updates anticipated for the cycle have been done

 16:28:07 <wendar> micahg: indeed

 16:28:21 <slangasek> the latest eglibc from unstable has also been merged up - regressing multiarch support temporarily, but that's worked on

 16:28:41 <slangasek> now just waiting for the archive to be in a buildable state generally in order to start test rebuilds

 16:28:44 <slangasek> ..

 16:29:02 <wendar> questions for slangasek?

 16:30:15 <wendar> That brings us to the end of reports. Any other questions?

 16:30:35 <seb128> doko, wendar: I don't expect disturbances due to the GNOME updates

 16:30:50 <seb128> they are mostly standalone components if they fail to build they should not break other things

 16:30:59 <charlie-tca> sure, xubuntu will need ffe's for dh_python2 and libssl1.0.0 transitions needed for xubuntu still

 16:32:11 <tumbleweed> surely libssl1.0.0 transitions are RC bugs, and won't require FFe? (they will be packages that can't currently be rebuilt)

 16:32:38 <micahg> tumbleweed: yeah, that was a C/P error :)

 16:33:07 <micahg> err...C&P

 16:33:39 <charlie-tca> ..

 16:34:08 <wendar> sounds like that's a wrap

 16:34:11 <wendar> Thanks jibel, mlegris, michahg, ogaswara, cjwatson, ogra, fabo, seb128, dbarth, ScottK, charlie-tca, stgraber, tumbleweed, slangasek and all!

 16:34:18 <slangasek> thanks, wendar!

 16:34:24 <charlie-tca> Thank you, wendar, for chairing!

 16:34:26 <seb128> thanks wendar

 16:34:31 <wendar> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)