#title #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu QA Team

Meeting started by jibel at 17:03:20 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-28-17.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/AutomatedTesting/CommunityFeedback   (gema, 17:06:12)

 *Community Efforts/Testing  jibel
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/iso-testing-open-all.html   (jibel, 17:12:39)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-qa/2011-September/001689.html   (jibel, 17:13:40)

 *Automated/Systems Testing

 *Engineering Team Bug Status bdmurray pedro_ Ursinha

 *Other topics

 *Chair Selection - $ shuf -e  pedro_ Ursinha bdmurray nuclearbob gema charlie-tca  | head -1
''ACTION:'' nuclearbob to chair next meeting  (jibel, 17:37:12)



Meeting ended at 17:38:21 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * nuclearbob to chair next meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * nuclearbob
 ** nuclearbob to chair next meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jibel (52)
 * Ursinha (20)
 * gema (12)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * pedro_ (10)
 * nuclearbob (7)
 * charlie-tca (6)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 17:03:20 <jibel> #startmeeting Ubuntu QA Team

 17:03:20 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Sep 28 17:03:20 2011 UTC.  The chair is jibel. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:03:20 <meetingology> 

 17:03:20 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:03:25 <Ursinha> jibel, useful stuff here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/Meetings/Chairing#Handy_commands

 17:03:31 <Ursinha> copy, paste and be happy

 17:03:32 <Ursinha> :)

 17:03:44 <pedro_> uh just in time ;-)

 17:03:59 <jibel> #topic Previous Actions

 17:04:23 <jibel> there are 3 actions from previous meeting

 17:04:29 <jibel> Ursinha to chase checkbox package problem with ara

 17:04:31 <Ursinha> I have two of my own

 17:05:03 <jibel> ^ Ursinha what about checkbox package problem ?

 17:05:03 <Ursinha> the checkbox package resolved itself when the dependencies reached the ppa

 17:05:13 <Ursinha> so I didn't have to bother ara with that

 17:05:40 <jibel> great, thanks for that.

 17:05:49 <jibel> gema to create a starting point (page or something) to discuss and note automation testing for Ubuntu

 17:05:59 <jibel> gema, any news ?

 17:06:08 <gema> I created a wiki and added one item as an example

 17:06:12 <gema> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/AutomatedTesting/CommunityFeedback

 17:06:26 <Ursinha> yay

 17:06:31 <gema> I will be adding more stuff and it would be good to start getting feedback from other people too

 17:06:40 <charlie-tca> o/

 17:06:41 <gema> this is your chance to complain big time!

 17:07:32 <jibel> charlie-tca, we are all ears

 17:07:36 <gema> yep

 17:07:51 <charlie-tca> gema: I reviewed the testing doc, but I think I forgot to send the email

 17:07:59 <charlie-tca> It looks good to get started

 17:08:05 <gema> ok

 17:08:12 <gema> any feedback you have send it to me

 17:08:13 <charlie-tca> ..

 17:08:16 <gema> ..

 17:08:58 <jibel> thanks gema

 17:09:12 <jibel> Last action from previous week: Ursinha to add irc commands to the next chair

 17:09:26 <Ursinha> I did that, it's in the Chairing link

 17:09:28 <Ursinha> ..

 17:10:39 <jibel> Ursinha, cool thanks, will try that at the end of the meeting

 17:10:53 <jibel> #topic Community Efforts/Testing  jibel

 17:11:15 <jibel> Last week was Oneiric Beta 2 testing

 17:11:21 <jibel> Testing report: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/ReleaseReports/OneiricBeta2TestReport

 17:12:02 <jibel> Participation was as high as Beta1 and we wish it will be higher for the final release.

 17:12:31 <jibel> The list of bugs found during the milestone is at http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/report

 17:12:35 <jibel> List of bugs found during previous milestones:

 17:12:39 <jibel> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/iso-testing-open-all.html

 17:13:00 <jibel> Tomorrow is final freeze, you can help with testing daily ISOs and make sure that nothing release critical made its way to the images.

 17:13:05 <jibel> If you find something then raise a red flag.

 17:13:26 <jibel> Other topic on community testing: laptop testing

 17:13:35 <jibel> primes2h sent a call for testing last Friday

 17:13:40 <jibel> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-qa/2011-September/001689.html

 17:13:46 <jibel> You can help there too.

 17:13:54 <jibel> For laptop testing you'll need to run oneiric Beta 2 on your laptop and report results to the tracker.

 17:14:08 <jibel> that's all from me

 17:14:14 <jibel> any question/comment/complaints ?

 17:15:11 <jibel> moving on

 17:15:13 <jibel> #topic Automated/Systems Testing

 17:15:20 <jibel> anyone ?

 17:15:39 <gema> nothing from me

 17:15:40 <gema> ..

 17:15:46 <nuclearbob> I'm working on the qrt scripts

 17:16:30 <nuclearbob> making changes where necessary to get them all working on natty, then looking into implementing a system to note different dependencies for different versions, and ensure they work right on the lts versions

 17:16:45 <nuclearbob> we'll be doing more design on that at a session at uds

 17:17:12 <nuclearbob> that's all I've got for now

 17:17:41 <jibel> nice thanks. is there a blueprint registered for UDS so people interested can subscribe ?

 17:17:50 <jibel> nuclearbob, ^

 17:18:00 <nuclearbob> not yet, I'll be working with pgraner on that later

 17:18:21 <jibel> ok, keep us informed

 17:18:26 <nuclearbob> will do

 17:18:47 <jibel> on the automation side, boot speed testing is back

 17:19:02 <jibel> you see the report at http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/boot-speed/

 17:19:28 <jibel> patrickmw, could tell more than me so that's all I can say for today.

 17:20:03 <bdmurray> wow that's pretty

 17:20:21 <Ursinha> indeed

 17:21:29 <jibel> it is, thanks to bjf artistic talent

 17:21:47 <bdmurray> whatâ€½ an artistic kernel dev

 17:22:07 <gema> bdmurray: kernels are pure art...

 17:22:07 <jibel> #topic Engineering Team Bug Status bdmurray pedro_ Ursinha

 17:22:30 <Ursinha> nothing to report; lots in progress, nothing completed

 17:22:31 <Ursinha> ..

 17:23:06 <bdmurray> uploaded new apport hooks for plymouth and debian-installer

 17:23:34 <bdmurray> wrote a few additional html reports of bug tasks

 17:23:43 <bdmurray> at http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/

 17:24:00 <Ursinha> \o/

 17:24:23 <bdmurray> went to O'Reilly Strata conference regarding BIG data

 17:24:36 <bdmurray> lots of interesting stuff regarding data visualization etc...

 17:24:56 <bdmurray> discovered an issue with bugpatterns not working because OriginalTitle is not known when an apport bug is being reported - it is only defined when downloading  a bug title

 17:24:59 <bdmurray> fixed all existing patterns and emailed bug control

 17:25:04 <bdmurray> that's all

 17:25:55 <pedro_> so besides normal bug triage, I've wrote a few bug patterns for different packages (can't remember the list so better check the changelog)

 17:26:25 <pedro_> and i've also looking at old bugs with a fixed upstream task so start closing those in our side (Ubuntu)

 17:26:35 <pedro_> seems we have almost a ~1000 of those right now

 17:26:40 <pedro_> only on the desktop set...

 17:26:55 <Ursinha> how many did you clean?

 17:27:00 <Ursinha> up

 17:27:01 <bdmurray> pedro_: I wonder if there is some way to automate that

 17:27:26 <pedro_> Ursinha, I'm manually checking those right now, so is not  a fast process

 17:27:44 <Ursinha> I believe we can automate that, yes

 17:28:02 <Ursinha> pedro_, want to discuss that outside the meeting, right after that?

 17:28:23 <bdmurray> yes please

 17:28:27 <Ursinha> awesome

 17:28:28 <pedro_> bdmurray, right , an automated process would be cool, and it would also work for other packages with upstream project

 17:28:29 <Ursinha> :)

 17:28:37 <pedro_> yeah lets discuss that later

 17:28:42 <pedro_> so nothing else from me

 17:28:42 <pedro_> ..

 17:29:23 <jibel> any question ?

 17:30:29 <jibel> #topic Other topics

 17:30:54 <jibel> anyone ?

 17:34:17 <gema> ..

 17:34:38 <jibel> [TOPIC] Chair Selection - $ shuf -e  pedro_ Ursinha bdmurray nuclearbob gema charlie-tca  | head -1

 17:34:57 <jibel> and ? where is the magic ?

 17:35:13 <charlie-tca> At least it tells you something now?

 17:35:15 <jibel> nuclearbob

 17:35:35 <nuclearbob> all right

 17:35:45 <Ursinha> jibel, ah, I recall you giving me the mission of implementing this as a bot command

 17:36:54 <jibel> Ursinha, no problem, I think there are more useful things to do at this stage of the release

 17:37:10 <charlie-tca> +1

 17:37:12 <jibel> #action nuclearbob to chair next meeting

 17:37:12 * meetingology nuclearbob to chair next meeting

 17:37:52 <jibel> 3

 17:37:56 <jibel> 2

 17:37:59 <jibel> 1

 17:38:15 <jibel> thank you all for attending

 17:38:21 <jibel> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)