#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by ara at 15:02:07 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-17-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Some numbers

 *What's UF site page

 *"Report a problem" and unrelated reports (roadmr)
''LINK:'' http://friendly.ubuntu.com/11.10/Dell%20Inc./Inspiron%201520/I:BtuJMp:Qd:BHe:IB:BEip:E2z:BYQ:L:BEi/   (ara, 15:15:51)
''ACTION:'' brendand to open a wishlist bug and milestone it to Precise about finding someones submissions and explanation  (ara, 15:29:03)
''ACTION:'' roadmr to open a bug about creating a page on report a problem to redirect to UF or feedback about the system  (ara, 15:35:35)

 *Any Other Business?



Meeting ended at 15:38:01 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * brendand to open a wishlist bug and milestone it to Precise about finding someones submissions and explanation
 * roadmr to open a bug about creating a page on report a problem to redirect to UF or feedback about the system



== Action items, by person ==

 * brendand
 ** brendand to open a wishlist bug and milestone it to Precise about finding someones submissions and explanation
 * roadmr
 ** roadmr to open a bug about creating a page on report a problem to redirect to UF or feedback about the system



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ara (90)
 * roadmr (24)
 * jedimike (12)
 * cr3 (11)
 * brendand (11)
 * meetingology (5)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:07 <ara> #startmeeting

 15:02:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 17 15:02:07 2011 UTC.  The chair is ara. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:02:07 <meetingology> 

 15:02:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:15 <ara> Agenda:

 15:02:18 <ara> Some numbers

 15:02:18 <ara> What's UF site

 15:02:18 <ara> "Report a problem" and unrelated reports (roadmr)

 15:02:18 <ara> AOB

 15:02:30 <ara> #topic Some numbers

 15:02:40 <ara> I just wanted to give some numbers related to the first few days of Ubuntu Friendly:

 15:02:40 <ara> * More than 350 submissions

 15:02:40 <ara> * More than 100 submissions with more than 3 stars

 15:02:40 <ara> * 4 submissions with 5 stars

 15:02:41 <ara> * 7 models with more than 1 rater

 15:02:56 <ara> I think this is a great achievement for the first week of Ubuntu Friendly Beta. Congratulations to all!

 15:03:02 <ara> ..

 15:03:52 <ara> nobody comments on those? no clapping? no cheering?

 15:03:56 <ara> c'mon!

 15:03:59 <roadmr> \o/

 15:04:09 <ara> *\o/*

 15:04:19 <brendand> \o/

 15:04:42 <roadmr> it's quite impressive :) and I'm glad to see 5-star models, time and more submissions will tell if these are like the "gold standard"

 15:04:45 <roadmr> ..

 15:04:45 <brendand> especially good to see we're getting multiple people testing the same system

 15:05:41 <ara> yes, I think we will need a lot more submissions until we start seeing more models with more than 1 rater

 15:05:46 <ara> but it is good that we are seeing some :)

 15:05:56 <ara> #topic What's UF site page

 15:06:06 <ara> We have seen that there are a lot of people asking about the scoring system. We think that at friendly.ubuntu.com there should be a general page explaining what the programme is about and how it works.

 15:06:20 <ara> We have opened this bug for it:

 15:06:20 <ara> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-friendly/+bug/876314

 15:06:21 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 876314 in Ubuntu Friendly "We need a static page explaining a bit the programme on the site" [High,Triaged]

 15:06:29 <ara> These are the things that we will include in that page:

 15:06:29 <ara> * A very brief explanation of the programme, the aim of it and a link to how to participate

 15:06:29 <ara> * An explanation of the scoring and that people can repeat the testing if they made a mistake

 15:06:29 <ara> * How to report bugs

 15:06:29 <ara> * A disclaimer that Ubuntu Friendly will be in BETA until the release of 12.04 LTS

 15:06:36 <ara> Anything else? What else do you think is needed?

 15:06:37 <ara> ..

 15:06:42 <roadmr> o/

 15:07:14 <ara> roadmr, go ahead!

 15:07:41 <roadmr> I'll be explaining a bit about the scoring system on the Open Week presentation tomorrow

 15:08:00 <roadmr> of course only people who attend that session will get that information, and I don't really go into too much detail

 15:08:08 <roadmr> but it may be a start.

 15:08:09 <roadmr> ..

 15:08:23 <ara> good!

 15:08:42 <ara> Yes, friendly reminder that tomorrow roadmr will be giving a session about UF in the open week

 15:08:47 <ara> what time roadmr?

 15:09:09 <roadmr> it's at 16:00 UTC

 15:09:29 <roadmr> in #ubuntu-classroom

 15:09:33 <roadmr> ..

 15:09:54 <ara> Cool, let your friends know! :)

 15:10:26 <ara> Any other comments on the page?

 15:11:20 <ara> OK, moving on

 15:11:21 <ara> # "Report a problem" and unrelated reports (roadmr)

 15:11:25 <ara> oops

 15:11:32 <ara> #topic "Report a problem" and unrelated reports (roadmr)

 15:11:34 <ara> much better

 15:11:51 <roadmr> heheheh

 15:12:05 <roadmr> so if I may

 15:12:08 <roadmr> We like people to use UF as their first "point of contact" when looking for info about their systems, but we risk a deluge of unrelated bug reports.

 15:12:20 <roadmr> If you're following the bug reports for UF you'll have noticed that we're getting reports for actual system problems that have little to do with UF.

 15:12:31 <roadmr> My proposal would be to change the "report a problem" link, and turn it into a classification page.

 15:13:01 <ara> o/

 15:13:33 <roadmr> first section would be something like "are you having problems with your system?" - pointing people to support resources (launchpad, answers, forums).

 15:14:02 <cr3> o/

 15:14:17 <roadmr> Second could be "did you find a problem with the UF website/program?" - and this is where we'd point them to us.

 15:14:24 <roadmr> This could be a good place to put a link to the FAQ with typical questions like "what to do if I need to resubmit" or "UF says my system has 5 stars but the one I have sucks" and things like that.

 15:14:46 <roadmr> I think this beats having to invalidate people's bugs (rightfully, mind you) because they don't have anything to do actually with UF.

 15:14:49 <roadmr> ..

 15:15:01 <ara> my turn :)

 15:15:06 <brendand> o/

 15:15:07 <jedimike> o/

 15:15:13 <ara> first of all,  I think this is a very good idea

 15:15:30 <ara> second, it seems that the "feedback" button can be more prominent :-)

 15:15:45 <ara> we actually have a link to ask questions and give feedback about a particular system

 15:15:51 <ara> http://friendly.ubuntu.com/11.10/Dell%20Inc./Inspiron%201520/I:BtuJMp:Qd:BHe:IB:BEip:E2z:BYQ:L:BEi/

 15:16:01 <ara> on the right column

 15:16:11 <ara> but it seems like people are not finding it

 15:16:16 <ara> ..

 15:16:20 <ara> cr3, your turn

 15:16:27 <cr3> 1. what if we enabled bug reporting by default in checkbox, would that reduce the number of bugs against ubuntu-friendly and would it improve the quality of bugs reported?

 15:16:30 <cr3> 2. bugs shouldn't be invalidated as much as retargetted to the appropriate project where the user will probably be asked to run ubuntu-bug anyways, see poing #1

 15:16:33 <cr3> ..

 15:17:07 <ara> brendand, you go

 15:18:18 <brendand> i think we should also add to the page a section on what to do if you think a test is wrong or some other problem with checkbox

 15:18:38 <brendand> as we're also getting reports about checkbox via the ubuntu-friendly project

 15:18:56 <ara> o/

 15:19:19 <brendand> not sure about enabling bug reporting by default though

 15:19:20 <brendand> ..

 15:19:46 <ara> jedimike, your turn

 15:20:18 <jedimike> I think there should be a link beneath the score, saying something like...

 15:20:24 <jedimike> "not the score you expected?"

 15:20:36 <jedimike> and linking to the explanation page

 15:20:46 <cr3> o/

 15:21:08 <jedimike> and a link saying "report a problem with the UF site", and finally one saying "I own this system and want to report a problem with it"

 15:21:14 <jedimike> or words to those effects

 15:21:21 <jedimike> that should get the right reports to the right places

 15:21:21 <jedimike> ..

 15:21:34 <ara> OK, my turn

 15:22:19 <ara> I was just going to say that I don't think it is bad to get reports that we then redirect to checkbox trough UF. For tests that are part of UF, this is a problem that people see in UF, not the tool.

 15:22:38 <ara> So I like getting those through UF, and then put them in checkbox with "also affects project"

 15:22:39 <ara> ..

 15:22:48 <ara> cr3, yes, sir?

 15:22:51 <cr3> should people be able to find their own score/submission in ubuntu-friendly? without this, "not the score you expected" would be weird because I'm not sure people have expectations across 10s or 100s of submissions

 15:22:55 <cr3> ..

 15:23:12 <jedimike> o/

 15:23:47 <ara> jedimike, go ahead

 15:24:28 <jedimike> I like the idea of people seeing the UF score that their particular submission got, with an explanation of why it got what it did.

 15:24:53 <jedimike> We just have to get the technial RT/UF layer correct if we do that, which I'm sure me and cr3 can do

 15:24:54 <jedimike> ..

 15:25:03 <cr3> o/

 15:25:17 <ara> cr3, go ahead

 15:25:19 <cr3> agreed with jedimike :)

 15:25:19 <cr3> ..

 15:26:07 <ara> OK, I think that is something we should put in our wishlist for 12.04 LTS

 15:26:37 <ara> who takes the action item to open a wishlist bug against UF and milestone it for Precise?

 15:26:42 <ara> ..

 15:27:45 <ara> anyone?

 15:27:58 <ara> open a bug is not fixing a bug! :)

 15:28:06 <brendand> o/

 15:28:14 <ara> cool!

 15:28:16 <ara> thanks brendand

 15:28:31 * brendand put his hand up to talk

 15:28:56 * ara brendand to open a wishlist bug and milestone it to Precise about finding someones submissions and explanation

 15:29:03 <ara> #action brendand to open a wishlist bug and milestone it to Precise about finding someones submissions and explanation

 15:29:03 * meetingology brendand to open a wishlist bug and milestone it to Precise about finding someones submissions and explanation

 15:29:14 <ara> sorry, you take the action item as well :D

 15:29:23 <ara> brendand, you wanted to say?

 15:30:12 <brendand> i don't mind taking the action item, but i do think this feature becomes less valuable as ubuntu-friendly becomes more stable. surely the reason for it is to find problems with the algorithm?

 15:30:37 <brendand> ..

 15:31:05 <cr3> ara: haha, you rock!

 15:31:48 <ara> brendand, I think the reason is to let people know where is their submission, but yes, it might be less relevant as we go

 15:32:06 <ara> hence the wishlist bug and for precise, we will see if we finally implement it or won't fix it

 15:32:10 <ara> ..

 15:32:19 <ara> o/

 15:32:25 <ara> I have a question for roadmr

 15:32:41 <roadmr> yes?

 15:32:45 <ara> did you know about the Feedback about this system link?

 15:33:30 <roadmr> ara: I did :) but it seems people go into the page and the first thing they see is "report a problem" up top, and assume it's meant for "any" kind of problem.

 15:34:35 <ara> then the page (or two links on the top) might be the solution

 15:34:44 <ara> roadmr, anyways, we need a bug for that

 15:34:52 <ara> roadmr, do you take the action to create it?

 15:34:57 <roadmr> ara: sure, I'll do it

 15:35:03 <ara> roadmr, cool, thanks

 15:35:35 <ara> #action roadmr to open a bug about creating a page on report a problem to redirect to UF or feedback about the system

 15:35:35 * meetingology roadmr to open a bug about creating a page on report a problem to redirect to UF or feedback about the system

 15:35:55 <ara> roadmr, we will continue the discussion about the solution on the bug report

 15:36:10 <ara> anything else on this topic?

 15:36:50 <ara> OK, moving on

 15:36:57 <ara> #topic Any Other Business?

 15:37:52 <ara> it does not seems like it

 15:37:59 <ara> OK, then we can wrap up

 15:38:01 <ara> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)