#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by czajkowski at 20:01:22 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-15-20.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda   (czajkowski, 20:02:00)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MyanmarTeam/ApprovalApplication   (czajkowski, 20:03:51)
''LINK:'' http://enblog.u4mm.com   (kokoye2007, 20:05:05)
 *UDS blueprint
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-p-lococouncil   (czajkowski, 20:13:50)

 *LTP renaming the main team page for teams
''LINK:'' http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/   (czajkowski, 20:20:53)
''ACTION:'' itnet7  work with the dev team to start that this week please  (czajkowski, 20:24:21)
''ACTION:'' itnet7  work with the dev team to start a blog post re team name display on loco.ubuntu.com/teams  (czajkowski, 20:24:39)

 *Larger teams to follow the example led by USA and follow state/provence break down
''ACTION:'' legg to draf blog post on larger teams being broken down into smaller teams like USA  (czajkowski, 20:30:50)

 *loco teams reappoval



Meeting ended at 20:33:21 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * itnet7  work with the dev team to start that this week please
 * itnet7  work with the dev team to start a blog post re team name display on loco.ubuntu.com/teams
 * legg to draf blog post on larger teams being broken down into smaller teams like USA



== Action items, by person ==

 * itnet7
 ** itnet7  work with the dev team to start that this week please
 ** itnet7  work with the dev team to start a blog post re team name display on loco.ubuntu.com/teams



== People present (lines said) ==

 * czajkowski (87)
 * itnet7 (22)
 * leogg (10)
 * meetingology (10)
 * bonepyaesone (9)
 * AlanBell (7)
 * huats (4)
 * kokoye2007 (4)
 * TH_ (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:01:22 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 20:01:22 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Nov 15 20:01:22 2011 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 20:01:22 <meetingology> 

 20:01:22 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:02:00 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda

 20:02:23 <czajkowski> hmm

 20:02:34 <czajkowski> tonights agenda https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda

 20:03:25 <czajkowski> kokoye2007: ready ?

 20:03:30 <kokoye2007> yeah

 20:03:41 <bonepyaesone> :)

 20:03:51 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MyanmarTeam/ApprovalApplication

 20:03:56 <czajkowski> ok

 20:03:59 <kokoye2007> we are from ubuntu-mm bonepyaesone TH_

 20:04:07 <czajkowski> kokoye2007: so want to tell us about your team ?

 20:04:20 <czajkowski> and what kind of things ye guys do in your loco please?

 20:05:05 <kokoye2007> http://enblog.u4mm.com

 20:05:14 <bonepyaesone> ok. we've done a lot of events in past 3 years

 20:05:30 <itnet7> here, now sorry

 20:05:52 <bonepyaesone> especially introduction ubuntu to public

 20:06:00 <TH_> now more active than before

 20:06:26 <czajkowski> ok, the wiki page seems a bit broken is it just my connection folks ?

 20:07:11 <czajkowski> you mention in your road map about a local repository, can you tell us more about this ?

 20:08:02 <czajkowski> bonepyaesone: TH_ kokoye2007 ?

 20:08:13 <itnet7> everything is looking good from me czajkowski !

 20:08:36 <TH_> local repository is more important for our country because our country connection

 20:08:50 <itnet7> Approval-wise

 20:09:20 <czajkowski> huats: leogg any other thoughts folks ?

 20:09:24 <bonepyaesone> we'll set up a repo server and syn every 2 week. And we distribute them as offline repo

 20:09:34 <bonepyaesone> :D

 20:09:59 <huats> I am quite happy to see so many pics

 20:10:07 <huats> seems like a good team actions

 20:10:08 <itnet7> I mean... wiki page

 20:10:14 <itnet7> but very good solid work

 20:10:20 <czajkowski> ok my only suggestion is for team reports folks

 20:10:21 <bonepyaesone> :D

 20:10:26 <czajkowski> are we ready to vote so ?

 20:10:31 <leogg> not from me, looks you guys been doing a great job

 20:10:41 <leogg> I'm ready

 20:11:06 <czajkowski> #voters leogg itnet7 huats czajkowski

 20:11:06 <meetingology> Current voters: czajkowski huats itnet7 leogg

 20:11:10 <czajkowski> #vote

 20:11:10 <meetingology> Please vote on:

 20:11:10 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:11:19 <leogg> +1

 20:11:21 <huats> +1

 20:11:22 <czajkowski> +1

 20:11:34 <AlanBell> vote needs a subject

 20:11:45 * AlanBell goes to file a bug

 20:11:49 <czajkowski> itnet7: ping

 20:12:22 <bonepyaesone> :D

 20:12:25 <itnet7> +1

 20:12:27 <itnet7> sorry...

 20:12:30 <czajkowski> #endvote

 20:12:30 <meetingology> No vote in progress

 20:12:52 <czajkowski> clearly me and the bot are not going to see eye to eye

 20:13:03 <AlanBell> you will learn to love each other!

 20:13:04 <czajkowski> with 4 +1s you are now an approved loco

 20:13:15 <czajkowski> leogg: can you add to approved teams please

 20:13:19 <itnet7> Please, defintely share more of what your team is doing through team reports!!

 20:13:24 <leogg> czajkowski, sure!

 20:13:29 <czajkowski> leogg: thanks

 20:13:37 <czajkowski> #topic UDS blueprint

 20:13:39 <bonepyaesone> Thank you czajkowski  AlanBell  itnet7  and leogg

 20:13:44 <itnet7> Congrats!!

 20:13:47 <kokoye2007> Thank czajkowski AlanBell itnet7 leogg

 20:13:50 <czajkowski> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-p-lococouncil

 20:13:52 <TH_> thank you all

 20:13:53 <bonepyaesone> yeah!!

 20:13:58 <leogg> kokoye2007, bonepyaesone, congrats and thank you!

 20:14:11 <czajkowski> ok so for the remainder of the meeting we're going to look at the bp and add some of the action items to it

 20:14:17 <czajkowski> and review some of the items that came up

 20:14:26 <czajkowski> so twinnings idea came from popey suggestion

 20:14:32 <czajkowski> and I think it went down well at UDS

 20:14:56 <czajkowski> the idea being that an Approved loco would be twinned with an unapproved loco and help them in how to get started

 20:15:00 <czajkowski> and give them ideas

 20:15:05 <czajkowski> so we needed to come up with teams

 20:15:16 <czajkowski> which I think we more or less have done so ?

 20:15:21 <czajkowski> Ubuntu UK

 20:15:28 <czajkowski> Ubuntu France

 20:15:33 <itnet7> Ubuntu Florida

 20:15:38 <czajkowski> aye

 20:15:44 <czajkowski> Ubuntu Italy

 20:15:59 <czajkowski> leogg: what team did you suggest?

 20:16:19 <leogg> czajkowski, Ubuntu Nicaragua with Ubuntu Costa Rica

 20:16:27 <AlanBell> Ubuntu UK is up for it (no idea who to twin with)

 20:16:53 <AlanBell> bug 890843 has been reported

 20:16:53 <czajkowski> ok so that's 5

 20:16:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 890843 in Ubuntu IRC Bots "#vote doesn't work without a subject" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/890843

 20:17:09 <czajkowski> did we habe a 6th in mind ?

 20:17:27 <czajkowski> is there an approved team we think that has the time to help on this ?

 20:17:44 <czajkowski> or should we stick with 5 for this cycle and see how it works out

 20:17:53 <itnet7> I think we should stick with 5

 20:17:56 <czajkowski> ok

 20:18:02 <itnet7> just my opinion though

 20:18:06 <leogg> itnet7++

 20:18:20 <czajkowski> so we're agreed on thos teams and we need to contact their team contacts which I think we have done bar Italy to make sure they are up for it

 20:18:32 <czajkowski> and then create the bugs so we can track this during the cycle

 20:18:39 <itnet7> Yup

 20:18:47 <czajkowski> I really think this could work and then expand for furture cycles

 20:18:49 * AlanBell wonders if itnet7++ makes itnet8

 20:18:59 <itnet7> ;-) AlanBell !

 20:19:01 <czajkowski> itnet7: do you have a team in mind for the Florida loco ?

 20:19:08 <leogg> AlanBell, ;)

 20:19:21 <itnet7> czajkowski: I was doing a bit of research, but haven't really decided

 20:19:53 <itnet7> I would like to try and pick a newer team

 20:20:01 <czajkowski> itnet7: ok, we'll create the bugs this week at least for those teams that are menotoring and then add the unapproved teams to it

 20:20:04 <czajkowski> itnet7: ok

 20:20:09 <czajkowski> need to find a team for Ubuntu UK also

 20:20:36 <czajkowski> #topic LTP renaming the main team page for teams

 20:20:53 <czajkowski> #link http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/

 20:21:03 <czajkowski> this topic has been bouncing around for some time

 20:21:41 * AlanBell wants to replace it with a second level of maps

 20:21:42 <czajkowski> if you land here on this page  looking for a team, it's hard to find the team you are looking for as they all have their own way of naming themselves

 20:21:45 <czajkowski> which is fine

 20:22:16 <czajkowski> what was proposed and agreed at UDS was the *display name* on this page alone would be changed by the developers

 20:22:33 <czajkowski> so it would read Team name loco

 20:22:53 <czajkowski> making it easier to find your team name if you are looking for infomation on one

 20:23:18 <czajkowski> so I think we should do a joint blog post with the LTP developers and explain in more detail the benfit of doing so

 20:23:27 <czajkowski> and to make it clear that nothing else is changing on the team name

 20:23:31 <itnet7> Sounds good to me

 20:23:34 <czajkowski> just the display name on the one page

 20:23:48 <czajkowski> itnet7: can you take an action item to work with the dev team to start that this week please

 20:24:02 <itnet7> Sure

 20:24:21 <czajkowski> #action itnet7  work with the dev team to start that this week please

 20:24:21 * meetingology itnet7  work with the dev team to start that this week please

 20:24:39 <czajkowski> #action itnet7  work with the dev team to start a blog post re team name display on loco.ubuntu.com/teams

 20:24:39 * meetingology itnet7  work with the dev team to start a blog post re team name display on loco.ubuntu.com/teams

 20:24:51 <czajkowski> ok

 20:24:52 <czajkowski> thanks

 20:25:06 <itnet7> I will add that to the blueprint after work today

 20:25:29 <czajkowski> #topic Larger teams to follow the example led by USA and follow state/provence break down

 20:26:30 <czajkowski> This was discussed again at UDS and the thought behind it was that counteries which are rather large such as Australia, Canada and possibly Brazil who have already done this should follow the example of USA

 20:27:05 <czajkowski> one main team and sub teams can be created depending on the level of activity in an provence/state like USA

 20:27:34 <czajkowski> It would benefit if some areas are very active so cd allocation would go to one state if they were approved rather that one country

 20:27:48 <czajkowski> in the future as teams grow it would be harder to then do this

 20:28:10 <czajkowski> so planning for team growth now for 2+ years and being pro active rather than being re active would make more sense

 20:28:36 <czajkowski> huats: itnet7 leogg any comments?

 20:28:53 <huats> I agree

 20:28:59 <itnet7> I agree that it would be a good idea, but I think you've pretty much covered the whys

 20:29:15 <leogg> me too, it makes perfectly sense to me

 20:29:43 <czajkowski> ok so we need to again explain this carefuly and clearly to teams so they don't get upset or worry. the reasons for this and the benefits for doing so

 20:29:56 <czajkowski> huats: leogg care to take an action item to draft this blog post please ?

 20:30:18 <leogg> sure

 20:30:21 <czajkowski> leogg: thanks

 20:30:50 <czajkowski> #action legg to draf blog post on larger teams being broken down into smaller teams like USA

 20:30:50 * meetingology legg to draf blog post on larger teams being broken down into smaller teams like USA

 20:30:59 <czajkowski> ok

 20:31:12 <czajkowski> #topic loco teams reappoval

 20:31:33 <czajkowski> status update on this, huats created the teams for re approval for this cycle

 20:31:42 <czajkowski> already we have teams applying which is great to see!

 20:31:50 <itnet7> +1

 20:31:51 <czajkowski> and we'll keep working on that this cycle

 20:32:21 <czajkowski> we only have 9 for re approval, but hopefully with mentoring and twining of teams we can see more approvals coming up through the ranks in the near future.

 20:32:28 <czajkowski> anyone have anything else to comment on ?

 20:33:13 <itnet7> I don't really have any

 20:33:18 <czajkowski> nope ok

 20:33:21 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)