#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 16:01:05 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-16-16.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-12-16   (skaet, 16:01:20)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/thread.html   (skaet, 16:01:20)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule   (skaet, 16:01:28)
''LINK:'' http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/   (skaet, 16:01:30)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/   (skaet, 16:01:41)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 16:01:51)

 *Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000604.html   (stgraber, 16:04:50)

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/precise-testing/precise_alpha1.html   (brendand, 16:09:44)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/bugs/904844 ([Dell Latitude 2110] Screen is blank after restoring from hibernate)  (brendand, 16:09:48)

 *QA team update -  jibel
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000612.html   (jibel, 16:14:03)

 *Security team Q&A - mdeslaur
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000602.html   (mdeslaur, 16:15:32)

 *Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000601.html   (ogasawara, 16:17:30)

 *Foundations team Q&A - cjwatson
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000599.html   (cjwatson, 16:18:21)

 *Server team Q&A - Daviey
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000611.html   (Daviey, 16:23:19)

 *ARM team Q&A-  ogra_
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000616.html   (ogra_, 16:28:43)

 *Linaro team Q&A - fabo
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000600.html   (fabo, 16:34:34)

 *Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 *Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000610.html   (pitti, 16:39:36)

 *DX Team Q&A - dbarth
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/ReleaseStatus   (dbarth, 16:41:33)

 *Desktop Systems Team  Q&A - olli
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000609.html   (olli, 16:45:05)

 *Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000605.html   (Riddell, 16:48:00)

 *Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000603.html   (madnick, 16:48:55)

 *Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - scott-work

 *Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000607.html   (gilir, 16:51:46)

 *Any other business, comments,  questions thought of after session passed: ?



Meeting ended at 16:54:25 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (104)
 * Daviey (26)
 * brendand (20)
 * pitti (18)
 * cjwatson (15)
 * ogra_ (14)
 * dbarth (11)
 * stgraber (11)
 * fabo (7)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * ubottu (6)
 * olli (5)
 * madnick (4)
 * gilir (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ogasawara (3)
 * jibel (3)
 * Riddell (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01:05 <skaet> #startmeeting

 16:01:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Dec 16 16:01:05 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:01:05 <meetingology> 

 16:01:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:01:20 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 16:01:20 <skaet> Agenda can be found:

 16:01:20 <skaet> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-12-16

 16:01:20 <skaet> Individual team status links will be added to it from:

 16:01:20 <skaet> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/thread.html

 16:01:21 <skaet> Team status' submitted  by EOD Thursday have already been linked to the agenda, others will be added after the meeting.

 16:01:22 <brendand> o/

 16:01:24 <skaet> .

 16:01:26 <skaet> Schedule for this release will be at:

 16:01:28 <skaet> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01:30 <skaet> [link] http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/

 16:01:32 <skaet> .

 16:01:34 <skaet> There are now  2319 work items (up from last week, was 2084 on 2011/11/25), and we're falling above the trend line for features on some projects.

 16:01:39 <skaet> Please review your tasks and make sure status is accurate before the new year.

 16:01:41 <skaet> [link]  http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/

 16:01:51 <skaet> .

 16:01:51 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 16:01:51 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:01:51 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to specific teams, so they can be found.

 16:01:54 <skaet> .

 16:01:56 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 16:01:58 <skaet> � 2011/12/16 - Last meeting of 2011 - best wishes for the holiday break!

 16:02:00 <skaet> � 2012/01/06 - Weekly meetings resume

 16:02:02 <skaet> � 2012/01/09 - DebianImportFreeze

 16:02:04 <skaet> � 2012/02/02 - '''Alpha 2'''

 16:02:08 <skaet> .

 16:02:10 <skaet> IS and stgraber have worked through the glitches, and the updated  http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/ is now operational.  :)   Daily testing results and bugs can now be logged there now going forward.

 16:02:13 <skaet> ..

 16:02:35 <skaet> any questions before we start in to round table?

 16:03:55 <Daviey> (no)

 16:04:21 <skaet> stgraber needs to go early,  and want to welcome olli to the round table this time. :)

 16:04:30 <skaet> thanks for the no Daviey :)

 16:04:40 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber

 16:04:44 * stgraber waves

 16:04:50 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000604.html

 16:05:32 <skaet> Thanks stgraber.  anyone have questions today?

 16:05:35 <stgraber> I'm still testing the new casper but so far everything looks good, let me know if it's breaking for your flavour.

 16:05:48 <Daviey> stgraber: is edubuntu doing anything interesting with LTSP soon?

 16:06:26 <stgraber> Daviey: I still need to test the current upstream and upload ltsp and ldm then

 16:06:42 <Daviey> stgraber: do you have an ETA?

 16:06:46 <stgraber> Daviey: the current version has been patched to work for both Edubuntu and Ubuntu (cherry-pick of a commit upstream)

 16:07:13 <stgraber> Daviey: hopefully by end of year, LTSP is mostly done on my spare time

 16:07:59 <stgraber> I can easily push a new upstream, but after our hackfest in October, a good part of the initrd scripts and init scripts have been changed in a radical way

 16:08:03 <Daviey> rocking!  Thanks st

 16:08:03 <Daviey> stgraber*

 16:08:15 <stgraber> I want to make sure we actually want that for the LTS and that it's going to be supportable for 5 years

 16:08:48 * skaet going to wait for the .. this time before going on ;)

 16:08:51 <stgraber> otherwise, I may just end up cherry picking some bugfixes and stick with what we have now (which at lesat works)

 16:08:54 <stgraber> ..

 16:08:55 <Daviey> stgraber: /me has interest.. so please ping me if you want a tester

 16:08:56 <Daviey> ..

 16:09:01 <skaet> :)

 16:09:05 <skaet> thanks guys...

 16:09:17 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 16:09:26 <brendand> skaet - i'll take this

 16:09:33 <skaet> thanks brendand :)

 16:09:44 <brendand> == What was done engineering wise? ==

 16:09:44 <brendand> Testing of the Alpha 1 image on a select batch of systems in the Hardware Certification labs:

 16:09:44 <brendand> http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/precise-testing/precise_alpha1.html

 16:09:44 <brendand> With holidays, not many systems have been tested yet, but no significant issues found on the ones tested so far.

 16:09:44 <brendand> == What's about to land that might impact the other teams? ==

 16:09:46 <brendand> Nothing significant. One bug located, but it does not block the system from being certified:

 16:09:48 <brendand> https://launchpad.net/bugs/904844 ([Dell Latitude 2110] Screen is blank after restoring from hibernate)

 16:09:50 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 904844 in linux (Ubuntu) "[Dell Latitude 2110] Screen is blank after restoring from hibernate" [Medium,Incomplete]

 16:09:51 <brendand> == Summary of bugs working on by team (reasonably reliable) ==

 16:09:53 <brendand> Nothing that we are working on specifically. Everything is ok certification infrastructure wise.

 16:09:57 <brendand> == Dependencies on other teams, blocking items ==

 16:09:59 <brendand> Nothing

 16:10:01 <brendand> == Issues? ==

 16:10:03 <brendand> None

 16:10:24 <Daviey> brendand: sevrers reliably booting?

 16:10:50 <Daviey> servers*

 16:11:02 <brendand> Daviey - haven't got around to them yet, sorry

 16:11:04 <brendand> ..

 16:11:28 <brendand> Daviey - you can see the ones we will be testing there on the report

 16:11:30 <Daviey> ta

 16:11:42 <skaet> brendand, has anyone checked if oneiric failures are in precise too?

 16:12:31 <brendand> skaet - i think there are some systems we'll be testing that had serious failures in oneiric. they haven't been tested yet though

 16:12:59 <skaet> brendand, thanks.   please flag it to me as soon as you know for sure.

 16:13:08 <brendand> skaet - yep

 16:13:15 <skaet> :)

 16:13:29 <Daviey> brendand: we could really do with early warning of pluming issues :)

 16:13:41 * skaet not seeing other questions, so onwards...

 16:13:57 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team update -  jibel

 16:14:03 <jibel> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000612.html

 16:14:08 <jibel> anyone have questions ?

 16:14:41 <skaet> Thanks jibel.   Right now, enjoying watching the new infrastructure emerge.   :D

 16:15:07 <jibel> we do too :)

 16:15:22 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team Q&A - mdeslaur

 16:15:27 <mdeslaur> hi!

 16:15:32 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000602.html

 16:15:39 <mdeslaur> The security team has been busy doing reactive work. No significant progress

 16:15:39 <mdeslaur> on work items to report.

 16:15:49 <mdeslaur> That's all. Any questions?

 16:16:08 <skaet> Thansk mdeslaur,  who's the contact if there's a security isue over the holiday?

 16:16:54 <mdeslaur> You can email security@ubuntu.com. I'm only off between xmas and new year's, but will be checking in.

 16:17:05 <skaet> Thanks!  :)

 16:17:27 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara

 16:17:30 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000601.html

 16:17:30 <ogasawara> I covered everything I needed to in my email.  I would just also note that a large portion of the team is beginning their end of year holidays soon, so they may be unreachable starting next week. Any questions?

 16:17:38 <ogasawara> ..

 16:17:50 <skaet> Thanks ogasawara.  :)

 16:18:01 * skaet doesn't have questions from the email.

 16:18:16 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team Q&A - cjwatson

 16:18:21 <cjwatson> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000599.html

 16:18:29 <cjwatson> I followed up to my own mail with a couple of amendments as well

 16:18:38 * skaet nods

 16:18:43 <cjwatson> like others, many of our team will be drifting away on holiday over the next week, of course

 16:19:03 <cjwatson> the big news from today is that the archive publisher is now running every 30 minutes, after a lot of hard work on optimisation

 16:19:09 <stgraber> yeah!

 16:19:10 <skaet> WOOT!!!

 16:19:11 <pitti> wow! congrats!

 16:19:13 <Daviey> \o/

 16:19:17 <cjwatson> ..

 16:19:31 <ogra_> wohoo

 16:19:32 <skaet> Thanks cjwatson!  awesome news about the publisher!

 16:19:54 <skaet> will there be +1 maintenance team coverage during the week between christmas and new year?

 16:19:59 <cjwatson> hopefully it'll stay that way; it may miss the odd run

 16:20:07 <pitti> skaet: very little from my side, I'm afraid

 16:20:12 <cjwatson> at least until bug 905333 is fixed

 16:20:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 905333 in Launchpad itself "Ubuntu publisher should trigger scandium in the background" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/905333

 16:20:19 <cjwatson> skaet: that's pitti's area this month

 16:20:32 <cjwatson> I'll be around a bit and will try to keep an eye on anything archive-threatening

 16:20:38 <pitti> I'll try to have a look every now and then, but I won't be able to sit down for hours to debug stuff

 16:20:48 <cjwatson> no guarantees over the holidays though

 16:20:57 <skaet> cjwatson, gotcha.  pitti, thanks.   okie, expectations set.  :)

 16:20:57 <pitti> I'm happy to do the odd binary promotion or package rebuild etc.

 16:21:03 <cjwatson> likewise

 16:21:11 <pitti> but in general, Don't Break The Damn Thing over the holidays, please

 16:21:20 <cjwatson> or if you do, fix it ...

 16:21:21 * skaet nods emphatically

 16:21:26 <cjwatson> mind you, I'll still be running auto-imports from time to time

 16:21:30 <Daviey> then write a test case.

 16:21:31 <cjwatson> so bear that in mind

 16:21:44 <pitti> cjwatson: yeah, those caused quite a lot of damage, so we need to watch out for those

 16:21:53 <pitti> we had two cases in teh last week alone

 16:22:08 <cjwatson> I'll try not to do it and then go away for the day :)

 16:22:57 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team Q&A - Daviey

 16:23:12 <Daviey> Oh hello

 16:23:19 <Daviey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000611.html

 16:23:29 <Daviey> Any questions? :)

 16:24:12 <skaet> Thanks Daviey!

 16:24:15 <Daviey> anyone? :(

 16:24:21 <skaet> servercloud-LTS-hardening; servercloud-service-orchestration workitems haven't budged in terms of tracking.   symptom of churn going on, or just needs updating?  catch up by A2 possible?

 16:24:34 * Daviey lookies

 16:24:44 * skaet didn't want Daviey sad. ;)

 16:25:02 <Daviey> The status could be clearer, but there is a bulk of blocked items

 16:26:35 <skaet> also wondering will arosales be joining us, or will you continue to cover the entire server team?

 16:27:13 <Daviey> Som eof the blocked items will updated or dropped i sspect

 16:27:30 <Daviey> The boot time profiling needs further discussion to avoid duplication with desktop team

 16:27:38 * skaet nods

 16:27:50 <Daviey> skaet: I'll sync with him.. and update soon.

 16:28:11 <skaet> ok, will check back with you on the boot time profiling in the new year.

 16:28:20 <skaet> thanks Daviey! :)

 16:28:33 <Daviey> super.

 16:28:34 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team Q&A-  ogra_

 16:28:36 <Daviey> np o/

 16:28:41 <ogra_> hey, thats me !

 16:28:43 <ogra_> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000616.html

 16:29:08 <ogra_> questions ?

 16:30:12 <skaet> Thanks ogra_!   glad to hear all is well with armhf images.  :)

 16:30:19 <ogra_> yeah :)

 16:30:22 <skaet> how do they compare in terms of build time with armel?

 16:30:23 <pitti> well, except for them failing to build due to LibO?

 16:30:37 <ogra_> we never seeded LibO

 16:30:40 <ogra_> ;)

 16:30:48 <pitti> hm, I get failed armhf image build mail every day

 16:30:52 <pitti> but maybe that was a flavour

 16:30:54 <pitti> so, ignore me

 16:30:55 <ogra_> from kubuntu

 16:31:11 <ogra_> they should probably temporary unseed it

 16:31:35 <ogra_> skaet, build time is identical

 16:31:59 <ogra_> they *feel* a lot faster on the desktop ... but thats a subjective impression

 16:32:11 <ogra_> (though i hear others say that as well ... )

 16:32:12 <ogra_> ..

 16:32:26 <skaet> ogra_ ok thanks.    I'll chat with you about it more after meeting.

 16:32:33 <ogra_> k

 16:32:53 <skaet> Daviey,  did you want us to pause, or just signalling done with the o/ earlier?

 16:33:23 <skaet> if so add comment/ask question. ;)

 16:33:44 <Daviey> done earlier

 16:33:44 <Daviey> sorry.

 16:33:56 <skaet> np,  just confused and didn't want to be rude. ;)

 16:34:00 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro team Q&A - fabo

 16:34:20 <fabo> o/

 16:34:20 * skaet not seeing fabo in channel, moving on.

 16:34:28 <skaet> oh,  can't see I guess :)

 16:34:34 <fabo> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000600.html

 16:34:40 <fabo> ..

 16:34:49 <skaet> Thanks fabo!  sorry about that.

 16:34:54 <fabo> np :)

 16:35:05 <dbarth> o/

 16:35:13 <skaet> go ahead dbarth

 16:35:26 <dbarth> fabo: can you point me at the latest / official branches you want us to merge in?

 16:35:33 <dbarth> i've seen one updated 12h ago

 16:35:53 <dbarth> fabo: can we see that on the linaro channel?

 16:36:21 <fabo> dbarth: sure, I'll reply on the list. I don't know on the top of my head.

 16:36:30 <dbarth> ok

 16:37:07 <fabo> ..

 16:37:16 <skaet> fabo, is there a contact over the holidays for problems?

 16:37:59 <fabo> skaet: I'm around. you can contact me and I'll raise as appropriate.

 16:38:16 <skaet> coolio,  Thanks fabo! :)

 16:38:36 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 16:39:17 <skaet> ok,  I've double checked ;) and don't see him.  moving on.

 16:39:28 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 16:39:36 <pitti> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000610.html

 16:39:40 <pitti> nothing to add really

 16:39:59 <pitti> oh, except perhaps that bug 902553  is apparently still not fixed for all corner cases

 16:40:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 902553 in perl (Ubuntu Precise) "package doc-base 0.10.3 failed to install/upgrade: ErrorMessage: /usr/bin/perl: symbol lookup error: /usr/lib/perl5/auto/UUID/UUID.so: undefined symbol: Perl_xs_apiversion_bootcheck" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/902553

 16:40:08 <pitti> currently discussing this with the Debian Perl maintainer

 16:40:16 <pitti> but I'll get to take 4 next Monday

 16:40:33 <pitti> questions?

 16:40:35 <pitti> ..

 16:40:44 <skaet> Thanks pitti!  none from me.  :)

 16:41:15 * skaet doesn't see any emerging hands, so moving on.

 16:41:25 <skaet> [TOPIC] DX Team Q&A - dbarth

 16:41:33 <dbarth> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/ReleaseStatus

 16:41:51 <dbarth> the significant part is the SRU candidate we've wrapped this week

 16:42:14 <dbarth> it prepares for the january uploads and can help validate fixes on the stable release

 16:42:33 <dbarth> it's *not* pushed to proposed though, to avoid brown paper issues while everyone's away

 16:42:39 <dbarth> it's in the desktop-team ppa

 16:42:41 <dbarth> ..

 16:43:47 <skaet> Thanks dbarth!  appreciate the hold off.

 16:43:53 <skaet> any questions?

 16:44:51 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Systems Team  Q&A - olli

 16:44:56 <skaet> welcome olli!  :)

 16:45:03 <olli> hi there

 16:45:05 <olli> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000609.html

 16:45:12 <olli> in addition, we have been focusing on libido bugs LP #524541 LP #886335 and LP #898611

 16:45:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 524541 in ido (Ubuntu) "Volume (slider) item isn't highlighted when selected" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/524541

 16:45:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 886335 in The Sound Menu "Unable to use arrow keys to adjust the volume control in the sound menu." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/886335

 16:45:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 898611 in indicator-sound (Ubuntu) "Slider shouldn't increase by steps" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/898611

 16:45:39 <olli> other than that it's been a quiet week due to a sprint and holidays

 16:45:47 <olli> any questions

 16:46:35 <skaet> Thanks olli.   no questions from me.

 16:47:28 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell

 16:47:51 <Riddell> hi

 16:48:00 <Riddell> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000605.html

 16:48:03 <Riddell> ..

 16:48:21 <skaet> Thanks Riddell.  any one have questions?

 16:48:46 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick

 16:48:50 <madnick> hi

 16:48:55 <madnick> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000603.html

 16:49:03 <madnick> that is pretty much it :)

 16:49:07 <madnick> ..

 16:49:48 <skaet> Thansk madnick.  :)

 16:50:19 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - scott-work

 16:50:37 <skaet> hmm, not in channel.

 16:51:32 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir

 16:51:40 <gilir> hi :)

 16:51:43 <skaet> :)

 16:51:46 <gilir> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000607.html

 16:51:52 <gilir> ..

 16:52:45 <skaet> Thanks gilir. :)

 16:52:59 <skaet> [TOPIC] Any other business, comments,  questions thought of after session passed: ?

 16:53:19 <skaet> Comment: some late arrivals in ubuntu-release mail list held up by membership (all who want to post there are welcome and encouraged to join the mailing list) .   Please see doko's post on the mail list.

 16:54:16 <skaet> Comment:  Just wanted to wish everyone an enjoyable holiday break with their friends and family!   Very much looking forward to working with all of you in 2012!!

 16:54:16 <skaet> Thank you for your participation in these meetings stgraber, brendand, jibel, mdeslaur, ogasawara, cjwatson,  ogra_, fabo, joshhuahoover, pitti, dbarth, olli, Riddell, madnick, gilir  :)

 16:54:25 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)