#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by pedro_ at 17:03:17 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-10-17.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-bugsquad-mentoring   (pedro_, 17:04:44)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-p-bug-involvement <- that's the blueprint hggdh is talking about  (pedro_, 17:22:04)
''LINK:'' http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/ <- testing tracker  (pedro_, 17:28:27)



Meeting ended at 17:32:19 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pedro_ (53)
 * hggdh (25)
 * SwitchDK (11)
 * meetingology (3)
 * popey (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:03:17 <pedro_> #startmeeting

 17:03:17 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 10 17:03:17 2011 UTC.  The chair is pedro_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:03:17 <meetingology> 

 17:03:17 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:04:03 <pedro_> As always the agenda is available at : https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BugSquad/Meeting

 17:04:14 <pedro_> lets review the action items from previous meeting

 17:04:28 <pedro_> bdmurray to create spec for UDS P regarding mentorship program: DONE

 17:04:44 <pedro_> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-bugsquad-mentoring

 17:04:47 <pedro_> spec is there ^

 17:04:56 <pedro_> and you can read the notes from the discussion on the notes section

 17:05:31 <pedro_> we discussed the mentoring program during UDS

 17:05:45 <pedro_> and as you can see there there's a few actions that we need to do

 17:06:06 <pedro_> so first point, the bugsquad-mentorship group alpha is going to be closed

 17:07:17 <pedro_> we haven't seen a lot of work on that team (almost nothing) so we prefer to close it and start doing other tasks in order to grab more contributors

 17:07:41 <pedro_> some ideas that were raised in order to have more people contributing to our team:

 17:07:56 <pedro_> create videos with easy tasks like: how to confirm a bug

 17:08:20 <pedro_> bdmurray, is going to start to create some of those videos but we also need your help

 17:08:47 <pedro_> so please keep tune for the call for help on that subject

 17:09:26 <SwitchDK> I would be happy to help with "verifying" whether it works for new BugSquad members (being rather new myself)

 17:09:47 <pedro_> other idea that was raised : Start doing workshops on parts of the bug triaging process

 17:10:15 <pedro_> with things like: how to search for duplicates, send bugs upstream ,etc ,etc

 17:10:32 <pedro_> of course we're going to need some teachers to help ;-)

 17:10:38 <pedro_> SwitchDK, that'd be great, thanks :-)

 17:11:05 <pedro_> and we have some actions to everybody on the BugSquad

 17:11:49 <pedro_> We noticed that new contributors tend to ask questions in private , that's ok but we'd like to encourage those to also do it on the public IRC Channel

 17:12:46 <pedro_> there's nothing wrong on asking in #ubuntu-bugs, in fact that's the perfect place for questions related to bugs

 17:13:03 <pedro_> and remember that there's no dumb questions :-)

 17:14:09 <SwitchDK> Should we update the wiki pages to reflect all mentoring is done through the IRC Channel?

 17:14:25 <SwitchDK> and there is no official mentor/mentee structure?

 17:14:26 <pedro_> SwitchDK, yes, that's something we need to update

 17:14:40 <SwitchDK> i can do that

 17:14:50 <pedro_> SwitchDK, that'd be amazing! thanks for helping

 17:14:57 <SwitchDK> you are welcome

 17:15:16 <SwitchDK> when should it be done by?

 17:15:35 <pedro_> We also need to start collecting 'easy tasks' for beginners so that's something we are going to start asking on the mailing list

 17:16:02 <pedro_> SwitchDK, no rush, by the end of the weekend i think is fine

 17:16:21 <SwitchDK> pedro_, ok no problem, i will get it sorted

 17:16:28 <pedro_> i guess that's more or less everything from the blueprint

 17:16:39 <hggdh> pedro_: popey also offered to create/help create short videos

 17:16:43 <pedro_> notes are there in the blueprint itself and in etherpad

 17:17:00 <popey> I did!

 17:17:01 <pedro_> hggdh, \o/! awesome the more contributors the better :-)

 17:17:08 <pedro_> popey, thank you so much :-)

 17:17:11 <hggdh> pedro_: and super-popey knows :-)

 17:17:31 <pedro_> oh yeah

 17:17:33 <popey> just ping me with what you need, sorry, only popped in because of nickname hilight

 17:17:42 <pedro_> hggdh, anything else from your side re the blueprint?

 17:18:31 <hggdh> pedro_: no. I am to send a note to all regarding the mentorship closure, and this was it, mostly (given popey coming up)

 17:18:45 <pedro_> there was also a discussion of the Community team regarding Bugs but i wasn't able to attend

 17:18:45 <hggdh> (and all you already highlighted)

 17:18:49 <pedro_> hggdh, were you there?

 17:18:56 <hggdh> I was there, yes

 17:19:14 <pedro_> hggdh, any highlights to share?

 17:19:18 <hggdh> we hammered a bit more on the difference between a bug and an user's problem

 17:19:42 <hggdh> the biggest point is users usually do not have bugs, but problems/issues

 17:20:08 <hggdh> so sites like askubuntu, answers, fora, etc should be the first access

 17:20:30 <hggdh> and we would then (magically) promote some to bugs

 17:21:01 <hggdh> additionally -- I proposed harvesting the bugs with workarounds, and publishing them on askubuntu (or somewhere else)

 17:21:14 <hggdh> I think I also got this action, somewhere

 17:21:47 <hggdh> the whole thing is to make it easier for causual users to find answers for their issues

 17:21:52 <hggdh> ..

 17:22:04 <pedro_> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-p-bug-involvement <- that's the blueprint hggdh is talking about

 17:22:07 <hggdh> hell. s/causual/casual/

 17:22:34 <pedro_> hggdh, thanks !

 17:22:47 <pedro_> ok anybody else, any highlight from UDS you'd like to share?

 17:23:07 <hggdh> yw. We will need to formalise a bit on how we mine workarounds, and translation

 17:23:56 <pedro_> one of the things that are going to land soon and it looks amazing is the new testing tracker

 17:24:12 <hggdh> yeah!

 17:24:13 <pedro_> i know some of you guys also contribute to the testing team so if you're interesting have a look to https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-p-iso-tracker

 17:24:35 <pedro_> it looks really great

 17:24:50 <SwitchDK> hggdh, could you please let me know before you sent an email to the ML about mentorship closure. It would be great that you in the same email could mention that the wiki has been updated

 17:24:59 <pedro_> like no more creating of multiple accounts, you'll be able to login with your lp id *sweet*

 17:25:04 <hggdh> SwitchDK: certainly

 17:25:24 <hggdh> and being able to look at previous results

 17:26:12 <SwitchDK> is the testing tracker only for QA teams?

 17:26:27 <SwitchDK> i don't know what a testing tracker is, sorry for my ignorance

 17:26:51 <pedro_> and its going to warn you with an email when a rebuild is going on, so you don't waste time testing something

 17:28:01 <hggdh> the testing tracker is, pretty much, a point where the formal tests are described/worked on; anybody can participate. Proposing new tests is still to be discussed, but I would expect something like emailing the ubuntu-qa ML, and working out gain/pain, and feasibility

 17:28:27 <pedro_> http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/ <- testing tracker

 17:28:47 <SwitchDK> ah, thanks pedro_ (the penny finally dropped)

 17:28:55 <hggdh> (the old one, the new one is still being built)

 17:29:08 <pedro_> indeed

 17:29:25 <pedro_> Anything else ? any other highlight?

 17:29:28 <pedro_> or questions?

 17:29:37 <hggdh> one more

 17:29:41 <hggdh> er, \o

 17:29:56 * pedro_ pass the mic to hggdh

 17:30:47 <hggdh> thanks. I was gladly surprised on the community bugs session -- much more people than I expected, and most really interested. So, here goes a thank you for all that participated

 17:30:59 <hggdh> ..

 17:31:24 <pedro_> oh yes! there was a lot of people participating even remotely so thanks a lot :-)

 17:31:51 <pedro_> ok if there's no other comments/questions i think that's all for today

 17:31:57 * hggdh is done

 17:32:08 <pedro_> remember to stay tune for the call for help on videos/workshops

 17:32:19 <pedro_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)