#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by Laney at 19:07:40 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-10-19.07.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *Laney to start thread on ubuntu-devel about renaming UCD  (Laney, 19:08:08)
  *jono to ask Daniel to update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers to be easier to read  (Laney, 19:11:36)
  *cody-somerville to write some documentation on how to endorse someone  (Laney, 19:12:25)
  *stgraber to publish packageset generation script so the rest of the DMB can help maintain it  (Laney, 19:19:56)
''ACTION:'' Laney to poke stgraber about publishing package set script  (Laney, 19:22:09)
  *James Page  (Laney, 19:22:15)
''ACTION:'' cody-somerville to follow up on position statement  (Laney, 19:26:24)

 *Administrative Matters
  *Continue discussion about our package set management workflows  (Laney, 19:29:00)
''ACTION:'' Laney to write down proposal for streamlining packageset changes and mail DMB and TB  (Laney, 19:41:45)
''ACTION:'' micahg to ping packageset owners to write down criteria for package membership  (Laney, 19:46:50)

 *AOB

 *next chair

 *aob again



Meeting ended at 19:51:21 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * Laney to poke stgraber about publishing package set script
 * cody-somerville to follow up on position statement
 * Laney to write down proposal for streamlining packageset changes and mail DMB and TB
 * micahg to ping packageset owners to write down criteria for package membership



== Action items, by person ==

 * cody-somerville
 ** cody-somerville to follow up on position statement
 * Laney
 ** Laney to poke stgraber about publishing package set script
 ** Laney to write down proposal for streamlining packageset changes and mail DMB and TB
 * micahg
 ** micahg to ping packageset owners to write down criteria for package membership



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (83)
 * micahg (13)
 * cody-somerville (13)
 * bdrung (8)
 * geser (7)
 * meetingology (7)
 * ScottK (2)
 * ajmitch (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:07:40 <Laney> #startmeeting

 19:07:40 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 10 19:07:40 2011 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 19:07:40 <meetingology> 

 19:07:40 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:07:50 <Laney> you slackers :P

 19:07:53 * micahg hugs laney

 19:08:01 <Laney> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:08:03 <micahg> Laney: I chaired last week :P

 19:08:08 <Laney> #subtopic Laney to start thread on ubuntu-devel about renaming UCD

 19:08:11 <Laney> done, did everyone see it?

 19:08:25 <micahg> yes, I still need to respond

 19:09:05 <Laney> i think we should let it run until the next meeting and then look before than

 19:09:17 <Laney> can someone volunteer to prepare a summary?

 19:09:26 <Laney> and/or proposals

 19:11:28 <Laney> erm, ok, never mind

 19:11:36 <Laney> #subtopic jono to ask Daniel to update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers to be easier to read

 19:11:59 <Laney> he did this, the url is at http://pad.ubuntu-uk.org/JzyYyxw0Qb

 19:12:17 <Laney> please edit it at your leisure, at some point i imagine daniel will commit it to the wiki

 19:12:25 <Laney> #subtopic cody-somerville to write some documentation on how to endorse someone

 19:12:28 <Laney> not done?

 19:12:53 <cody-somerville> I've started this but haven't had much time to work on it since.

 19:13:29 <Laney> ok, hopefully next time

 19:13:30 * bdrung arrives.

 19:13:31 <cody-somerville> I'm wondering, is most folks on the DMB going to be at UDS?

 19:13:39 <Laney> yep

 19:13:39 <cody-somerville> *are

 19:14:14 <micahg> well, I'll be there and I assume stgraber will be as well

 19:14:44 <cody-somerville> I think it would be a good idea to schedule a private meeting for the DMB.

 19:14:58 * geser is not at UDS

 19:15:23 * bdrung will not at UDS

 19:15:41 <Laney> haven't seen persia in an age, don't know if he is still around

 19:16:31 <geser> he is probably busy with other stuff and will reappear in a couple of weeks (like last time)

 19:16:38 <cody-somerville> geser, bdrung: Would you be able to participate remotely in such a meeting?

 19:16:56 <bdrung> cody-somerville: depends on the time

 19:17:17 <Laney> would have to be late I guess

 19:17:23 <geser> depends on the time (and if I need to get any special tools setup to participate)

 19:17:25 <Laney> for .euers

 19:17:43 <bdrung> how late?

 19:17:51 <bdrung> late is good in most cases

 19:18:02 <micahg> well, we'll be at UTC-4

 19:18:31 <Laney> right, well let's work it on on list

 19:18:39 <Laney> will we have a scheduled meeting then?

 19:18:46 <Laney> no

 19:18:58 <Laney> cody-somerville: can you mail marianna and such to get a room?

 19:19:03 <cody-somerville> Laney, Aye.

 19:19:21 <Laney> I think they usually have conference call facilities, but no idea how it works

 19:19:42 <Laney> carrying on

 19:19:44 <cody-somerville> I'll see what I can come up with.

 19:19:56 <Laney> #subtopic stgraber to publish packageset generation script so the rest of the DMB can help maintain it

 19:20:03 <Laney> not here, does anyone know if this happened?

 19:21:17 <cody-somerville> I think it may have

 19:21:31 <cody-somerville> can't say for sure though

 19:21:38 <geser> the page with the results was mailed, but not the script itself IIRC

 19:21:44 <Laney> a branch under ~developer-membership-board on LP would be good

 19:21:53 <Laney> i'll poke him to publish it

 19:22:09 <Laney> #action Laney to poke stgraber about publishing package set script

 19:22:09 * meetingology Laney to poke stgraber about publishing package set script

 19:22:15 <Laney> #subtopic James Page

 19:22:22 <Laney> approved for core-dev

 19:22:26 <Laney> micahg: where do we stand with motu?

 19:22:28 <micahg> that was taken care of

 19:22:37 <Laney> application falls?

 19:22:54 <micahg> Laney: well, yeah, I didn't send out the second vote for MOTU since it seemed pointeless

 19:23:04 <Laney> ok, as long as there is nothing left to do

 19:23:12 <Laney> i want to get this position statement out though

 19:23:24 <Laney> can you take care of it, if everybody is ok with the proposed text?

 19:23:38 <cody-somerville> Laney, Position statement on what again?

 19:23:48 <micahg> before the next meeting?  yeah, I can do that

 19:23:49 * bdrung is ok with it.

 19:23:54 <Laney> how we handle people applying for redundant permissions

 19:23:59 <Laney> 'social' applications

 19:25:02 <cody-somerville> Is there any pressing reason to release a statement ASAP? I haven't read it yet.

 19:25:16 <Laney> not ASAP, but I want it to happen

 19:25:20 <Laney> please do comment

 19:26:14 <cody-somerville> Without reading it, I'm inclined to say it is probably something that I'd like for us to discuss at our meeting at UDS.

 19:26:23 <Laney> ok, well...

 19:26:24 <Laney> #action cody-somerville to follow up on position statement

 19:26:24 * meetingology cody-somerville to follow up on position statement

 19:26:29 <Laney> (on-list)

 19:26:31 <Laney> :-)

 19:26:39 <Laney> #topic Administrative Matters

 19:26:53 <Laney> do we have anything left to discuss about the survey?

 19:27:28 * cody-somerville doesn't at this point.

 19:28:49 <Laney> let's leave that

 19:28:56 <Laney> onto the meat

 19:29:00 <Laney> #subtopic Continue discussion about our package set management workflows

 19:29:32 <Laney> I had a proposal that I typed out somewhere, but I can't remember where

 19:29:59 <Laney> basically

 19:30:50 <Laney> - As a matter of policy, each package set has a single uploader, which is a team. The DMB can either handle applications to the team or delegate to an appopriate council if one is set up.

 19:31:46 <Laney> - Applications for new package sets must come with some clear criteria that the DMB can apply when adding subsequent packages in future

 19:32:35 <Laney> - Package additions are done by requesting on devel-permissions. Any DMB member will check against the criteria and add if it matches (or feed back if not).

 19:32:43 <Laney> possibly some kind of objection raising period?

 19:32:55 <bdrung> sounds good so far

 19:33:28 <Laney> so the only real change is that we require these criteria when approving new sets

 19:33:57 <Laney> I really dislike making people come to meetings for these kind of additions which in most cases should be a formality

 19:34:21 * bdrung agrees.

 19:35:23 * micahg also agrees

 19:35:51 <geser> I agree too but unless we have a policy how to manage package sets, I prefered to have it done in the meeting just to be sure (as the original list of packages was also vote on in a meeting)

 19:36:02 <Laney> what kind of policy?

 19:36:21 <Laney> you mean, unless we agree on something like this?

 19:36:27 <geser> any policy, till now there is no policy at all

 19:36:31 <Laney> aye

 19:38:20 <Laney> so I suppose a policy should be added to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers/TeamDelegation ?

 19:38:32 <Laney> or is there some other page?

 19:39:04 <ScottK> Since you're delegated from the TB, it might not be bad to have them approve the policy.

 19:39:14 <ScottK> Then there's no question about are you doing it right.

 19:39:15 <geser> IIRC there is no documentation of package sets at all (besides many people knowing that they exist)

 19:39:26 <Laney> that is true, I will copy them in

 19:39:39 * Laney thinks TeamDelegation is what we have

 19:41:02 <Laney> so if I do that, and the TB thinks the idea is ok, can someone else volunteer to mail people running existing package sets and ask them to come up with criteria?

 19:41:45 <Laney> #action Laney to write down proposal for streamlining packageset changes and mail DMB and TB

 19:41:45 * meetingology Laney to write down proposal for streamlining packageset changes and mail DMB and TB

 19:43:27 <Laney> :(

 19:44:07 <micahg> Laney: I can talk to the packageset owners'

 19:44:19 <micahg> just might not happen before UDS

 19:45:28 <Laney> no massive rush

 19:45:46 <Laney> just ping them all "hey, you can make it easy to get new packages if you tell us how to evaluate them"

 19:46:50 <Laney> #action micahg to ping packageset owners to write down criteria for package membership

 19:46:50 * meetingology micahg to ping packageset owners to write down criteria for package membership

 19:46:57 <Laney> #topic AOB

 19:47:58 <micahg> next chair?

 19:48:09 <Laney> ah yes

 19:48:20 <Laney> #topic next chair

 19:48:44 <Laney> we should become more systematic

 19:48:55 <Laney> alphabetical rotation or so

 19:49:34 <micahg> well, I did last week ,so stgraber? (also not here :))

 19:49:58 <Laney> well volunteered!

 19:50:08 <ajmitch> poor stgraber

 19:50:14 * Laney cackles

 19:50:21 <Laney> #topic aob again

 19:50:44 <Laney> going

 19:50:59 <Laney> goingâ€¦

 19:51:19 <Laney> gone, thanks all

 19:51:21 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)