#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 17:04:39 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-12-17.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 17:04:46)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/monotone.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:04)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ember.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:10)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/policycoreutils.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:15)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:21)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xcftools.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:26)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 17:29:12 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (42)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * zooko (7)
 * kees (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * micahg (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:04:39 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:04:39 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 12 17:04:39 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:04:39 <meetingology> 

 17:04:39 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:04:46 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:05:10 <kees> hah "#lurk"

 17:05:19 <jdstrand> heh

 17:05:21 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:05:25 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 17:06:00 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week (thankfully :P)

 17:06:14 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: thanks for covering for me

 17:06:21 <jdstrand> heh, np :)

 17:06:38 <jdstrand> I am reviewing an embargoed issue

 17:06:48 <jdstrand> have miscellaneous P&C tasks

 17:06:53 <jdstrand> have patch piloting this week

 17:07:04 <jdstrand> and will continue to work with jjohansen on dbus/apparmor

 17:07:14 <jjohansen> \o/

 17:07:14 <jdstrand> oh, and metrics work items as have time

 17:07:27 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 17:07:29 <jdstrand> jjohansen: :)

 17:07:34 <jdstrand> kees: you're up

 17:08:23 <kees> I'm going to be focusing on training and documentation this week

 17:08:45 <kees> working through my list, basically.

 17:09:01 <kees> I have some MIRs and patch pilot work today

 17:11:02 <kees> that's about it for now. I'll have a blog post with some news later today

 17:11:13 <jdstrand> thanks kees

 17:11:19 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're next

 17:11:24 <mdeslaur> Ah! yes!

 17:11:26 <mdeslaur> :)

 17:11:30 <mdeslaur> I'm working on cups updates

 17:11:39 <mdeslaur> and will probably tackle ffmpeg next

 17:11:59 <jdstrand> ah, good :)

 17:12:00 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week, although there's nothing in the queue (hint: C'mon community!)

 17:12:32 <mdeslaur> and I'll probably be spending some time with kees, there's a few things he wants to show me

 17:12:38 <mdeslaur> and...that's it!

 17:12:45 <jdstrand> (yeah, the last couple of weeks haven't had a lot of community for me to sponsor)

 17:13:02 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: next!

 17:13:04 <jdstrand> s/community/community work/

 17:13:32 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week.

 17:13:53 <zooko> Hope I'm not interrupting, but I have a community security issue for you.

 17:13:56 <sbeattie> I'm also working on openssl.

 17:14:12 <jdstrand> zooko: can you bring it up at the end? I'll ping you

 17:14:21 <zooko> Ok

 17:14:29 <sbeattie> zooko: end should be more than another 5-10 min away

 17:14:37 <sbeattie> shouldn't be, that is

 17:15:41 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for me.

 17:16:54 <jdstrand> micahg: you're up

 17:17:12 <micahg> ok, so I'm still cleaning up after DigiNotar, we're in week 3 of this mess

 17:17:57 <micahg> qt4-x11, thunderbird, and chromium (maybe seamonkey at the end of the week)

 17:18:24 <micahg> also, the next round of Mozilla builds should be coming soonish, will get them staged as they come

 17:19:05 <micahg> I also have patch piloting once chromium is done

 17:19:08 <micahg> that's it

 17:19:59 <jdstrand> jeez, 3 patch pilots from our team this week...

 17:20:09 <jdstrand> tyhicks: you're up

 17:20:21 <tyhicks> I am still coming up to speed in the new role, but I feel like I can put the finishing touches on patching and testing of a mutt fix I've been working on

 17:20:39 <mdeslaur> \o/

 17:20:45 <tyhicks> I've found a bug in mutt (possibly a regression from the fix mentioned above) while doing initial testing and I'll get that fixed

 17:21:15 <tyhicks> Then I plan on taking ownership of another item in the CVE queue and/or learning the triaging process

 17:21:27 <kees> nice :)

 17:21:30 <tyhicks> In the rest of the time, I've still got a small eCryptfs kernel maintainer backlog to get through

 17:21:34 <tyhicks> That's it

 17:21:53 <sbeattie> tyhicks: \o/

 17:22:02 <jdstrand> tyhicks: sounds great :)

 17:22:05 <tyhicks> thanks, all :)

 17:22:25 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:22:32 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security.

 17:23:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/monotone.html

 17:23:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ember.html

 17:23:15 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/policycoreutils.html

 17:23:21 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html

 17:23:26 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xcftools.html

 17:23:38 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:23:47 <jdstrand> zooko: what's up?

 17:24:26 <zooko> The Tahoe-LAFS team has found a security flaw in Tahoe-LAFS which is present in all versions included in Ubuntu Lucid and newer.

 17:24:44 <zooko> We have a fix patch, announcement text, docs, etc. but haven't divulged details to anyone yet.

 17:25:05 <jdstrand> zooko: have you filed a bug with Ubuntu yet?

 17:25:09 <zooko> The impact is moderate -- it could allow a sufficiently motivated malicious person to delete files but not to read or alter them.

 17:25:19 <zooko> No -- I'll do that within an hour or so.

 17:26:04 <jdstrand> zooko: thanks for the heads up. please file it at https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tahoe-lafs/+filebug and check the 'This bug is a security vulnerability' box

 17:26:15 <jdstrand> zooko: the bug will be sent to us and will be private

 17:26:23 <jdstrand> zooko: we can coordinate via the bug then

 17:26:25 <zooko> Okay.

 17:27:14 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:28:42 <jdstrand> alright

 17:29:05 <jdstrand> kees, mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen, zooko: thanks!

 17:29:11 <mdeslaur> thanks jdstrand!

 17:29:12 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)