#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:04:23 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-19-18.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:04:26)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libsmi.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:10)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wxwidgets2.6.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:15)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libdigest-perl.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:18)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpgroupware.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:21)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/clearsilver.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:25)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:26:00 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (32)
 * mdeslaur (12)
 * kees (11)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * tyhicks (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * micahg (2)



== Full Log ==


 18:04:23 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:04:23 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 19 18:04:23 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:04:23 <meetingology> 

 18:04:23 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:04:26 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:04:26 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:04:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:04:47 <jdstrand> While the team is off next week, we will be monitoring lists, bugs and email for critical issues.

 18:04:58 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:05:23 <jdstrand> jjohansen is off this week and next. I wish him well deserved rest :)

 18:05:27 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:05:39 <jdstrand> I've got another short week this week

 18:05:56 <jdstrand> and am off Thu and Fri (and like everyone else, next week)

 18:06:02 <jdstrand> I'm on community

 18:06:23 <jdstrand> I have a couple of pending updates. if I don't get them out today I will likely wait until after the break

 18:06:49 <jdstrand> I have some archive admin work and will look into some bugs that have been accumulating if I have time

 18:06:53 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 18:06:56 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:08:01 <mdeslaur> I've just released some libarchive updates

 18:08:09 <mdeslaur> and am currently working on jasper and ghostscript

 18:08:20 <mdeslaur> and will also be testing some embargoed backports too this week

 18:08:48 <mdeslaur> since jj's off, guess I'm the stu^H^H^Hfortunate to be doing the kernel USN publication

 18:09:02 <mdeslaur> and I'm in the happy place

 18:09:07 <mdeslaur> that's about it for me!

 18:09:09 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:09:42 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:10:21 <sbeattie> I'm planning to poke at my work items and finish up the glibc update I'm working on

 18:10:44 <sbeattie> I also need to respond to jj on a couple of apparmor things.

 18:11:06 <sbeattie> I've got a short week this week, I'm off wednesday and friday

 18:11:16 <sbeattie> That's it for me.

 18:11:19 <sbeattie> micahg: poke

 18:12:38 <micahg> I've got Mozilla updates this week along with Chromium (time permitting), we're starting the Rapid release migration in Lucid/Maverick as well (announcement to come this week), Chromium updates as well time permitting, short week for me (not sure which day yet)

 18:12:46 <micahg> tyhicks: you're up

 18:12:55 <tyhicks> I'm in the triage role this week

 18:13:07 <tyhicks> I'll be around the entire week

 18:13:16 <tyhicks> I plan on getting a t1lib update out today and then primarily focusing on improving eCryptfs testing

 18:13:22 <tyhicks> but I'll take another update (tbd) to work off and on

 18:13:35 <tyhicks> That's all I've got, jdstrand

 18:14:32 <jdstrand> thanks

 18:14:42 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:14:46 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:14:52 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:15:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libsmi.html

 18:15:15 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wxwidgets2.6.html

 18:15:18 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libdigest-perl.html

 18:15:21 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpgroupware.html

 18:15:25 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/clearsilver.html

 18:15:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:15:56 <kees> heya. The Chrome folks asked me to see if this was getting any attention: http://rcvalle.com/post/14261796328/more-on-exploiting-glibc-tzfile-read-integer-overflow

 18:16:36 <kees> it boils down to two things: glibc malloc has predictable allocation behavior, and some part of the FILE structure doesn't use PTR_MANGLE.

 18:17:26 <mdeslaur> kees: it hasn't gotten any attention yet, as I don't think we were aware of it

 18:17:31 * mdeslaur will read

 18:17:37 * sbeattie will, too

 18:17:46 <sbeattie> kees: thanks for pointing it out

 18:17:55 <kees> it's more about an exploitation technique than a vuln, really.

 18:17:58 <jdstrand> yeah, I didn't know about it either

 18:18:02 <jdstrand> kees: thanks!

 18:18:12 <kees> I'm probably going to send some patches to glibc to further harden the FILE structures.

 18:18:31 <kees> but I don't really know what to do about the predictable allocation behavior. that's been a long-time problem.

 18:19:14 <mdeslaur> kees: any CVEs been assigned?

 18:19:22 <mdeslaur> or is it not actually a flaw?

 18:19:35 <kees> mdeslaur: I don't really think it qualifies as a flaw.

 18:19:53 <jdstrand> kees: cool. would you mind opening an ubuntu bug when you open the upstream one, so we can track it?

 18:19:55 <kees> mdeslaur: it's more of a technique to stabilize the environment during an attack.

 18:19:59 <kees> jdstrand: sure!

 18:20:21 <mdeslaur> I lack too much context, I'll catch up on it first

 18:20:51 <kees> cool, no worries. I don't think it's high priority at all, but I just wanted to point it out.

 18:22:45 <jdstrand> kees: thank you for doing so :)

 18:23:01 <kees> sure! :)

 18:23:13 <jdstrand> Any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:23:48 <kees> that was it from me.

 18:25:59 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, kees: thanks!

 18:26:00 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)