#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 16:00:22 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-25-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule   (skaet, 16:01:37)
''LINK:'' http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/   (skaet, 16:01:37)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/   (skaet, 16:01:57)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 16:01:58)

 *New ISO tracker overview - stgraber

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 *QA team update -  jibel
''LINK:'' https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise%20Daily%20ISOs/ will do just fine for a1  (pitti, 16:24:28)

 *Edubuntu Q&A - stgraber
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000506.html   (stgraber, 16:31:59)

 *Security team Q&A - mdeslaur
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000501.html   (mdeslaur, 16:34:03)

 *Kernel team Q&A - apw
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000494.html   (apw, 16:36:17)

 *Foundations team Q&A - cjwatson
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000504.html   (cjwatson, 16:38:08)

 *Server team Q&A - Daviey
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000512.html   (Daviey, 16:39:43)
''LINK:'' http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html   (Daviey, 16:39:48)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/libmysqlclient.html   (Daviey, 16:39:54)

 *ARM team Q&A-  ogra_
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000513.html   (ogra_, 16:41:18)

 *Linaro team Q&A - fabo
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000518.html   (fabo, 16:46:15)

 *Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 *Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 *Desktop Experience Team Q&A - dbarth

 *Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000505.html   (Riddell, 16:58:09)

 *Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - scott-upstairs
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000515.html   (scott-upstairs, 17:04:00)

 *Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000503.html   (madnick, 17:06:08)

 *Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000502.html   (gilir, 17:08:17)

 *MOTU Team Q&A - tumbleweed or Laney

 *Any other business, comments questions: ?



Meeting ended at 17:13:30 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (102)
 * pitti (41)
 * stgraber (36)
 * cjwatson (35)
 * jibel (20)
 * ogra_ (19)
 * Daviey (17)
 * Riddell (16)
 * scott-upstairs (10)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * apw (8)
 * dbarth (7)
 * gilir (7)
 * madnick (5)
 * fabo (5)
 * ubottu (4)
 * tumbleweed (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * alourie (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:22 <skaet> #startmeeting

 16:00:22 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Nov 25 16:00:22 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:00:22 <meetingology> 

 16:00:22 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:32 <pitti> o/

 16:00:44 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 16:00:44 <skaet> Agenda can be found: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-11-25

 16:00:44 <skaet> There will be a couple of tweaks to the round table order today.  Edubuntu will be going earlier,  after Cert and QA.

 16:00:44 <skaet> .

 16:00:44 <skaet> Reminder: New format for the meeting is to review the comments posted by other teams in ubuntu-release maillist before the meeting, and then ask questions.

 16:00:46 <skaet> During round table Q&A time,  please post link to your mail message, and any additional comments.  When you've finished comments/questions signal by ".."

 16:00:49 <skaet> If you want to ask a question,  please "o/" so we know to wait for you.

 16:00:51 <skaet> .

 16:01:37 <skaet> Schedule for this release will be at:

 16:01:37 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01:37 <skaet> #link http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/

 16:01:37 <skaet> .

 16:01:39 <cjwatson> scott-upstairs: I replied to your mail

 16:01:55 <scott-upstairs> cjwatson, thank you (i will read it shortly)

 16:01:57 <skaet> We've now passed Feature Definition Freeze,  and status tracker has been reset.

 16:01:57 <skaet> There are 2084 work items on the tracker as of 2011/11/25, a little up from last release.

 16:01:57 <skaet> #link  http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/

 16:01:57 <skaet> .

 16:01:57 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 16:01:58 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:02:02 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to those teams.

 16:02:05 <skaet> .

 16:02:07 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 16:02:09 <skaet> � 11/28 - 21:00  Soft Freeze for Alpha 1

 16:02:11 <skaet> � 11/29 - Images for testing posted on ISO tracker

 16:02:13 <skaet> � 12/01 - Alpha 1 release.

 16:02:15 <skaet> .

 16:02:17 <skaet> For alpha 1 we'll be testing out the new ISO tracker at: http://91.189.93.73/   We're working with IS to get it deployed on the main servers.    A big thank you to stgraber and jibel and other early testers for getting it ready in time for alpha 1.  :)

 16:02:21 <skaet> .

 16:02:23 <skaet> Any questions before stgraber gives us an overview of the plans for testing the new ISO tracker next week and then we move into the round table?

 16:02:26 <skaet> ..

 16:02:47 <skaet> [TOPIC] New ISO tracker overview - stgraber

 16:02:58 <stgraber> ISO testing for alpha-1 will be happening on the new ISO tracker at http://91.189.93.73

 16:03:01 <stgraber> The tracker is currently being tested with dailies and runs an import of the old tracker (http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com).

 16:03:04 <stgraber> 

 16:03:06 <stgraber> On Sunday, I'll be flushing everything on http://91.189.93.73 except for the daily results.

 16:03:10 <stgraber> I'll then make another import of the old tracker and will then disable the old tracker and put a link to the new one in the header.

 16:03:13 <stgraber> The switch will be announced to ubuntu-devel, ubuntu-qa, ubuntu-testing (forgot any?)

 16:03:16 <stgraber> 

 16:03:19 <stgraber> Next week, the builds will be posted on that new tracker and you'll be notified by e-mail as usual.

 16:03:22 <stgraber> In the event where something goes wrong during alpha-1 testing, we'll be switching back to the old one (results will be kept).

 16:03:25 <stgraber> 

 16:03:27 <stgraber> Authentication now works using Ubuntu SSO (OpenID) and Launchpad teams for access.

 16:03:31 <stgraber> Members of ~ubuntu-qa-website-devel and ~ubuntu-release have admin access, everyone else (with an account) has reporter access.

 16:03:34 <stgraber> 

 16:03:37 <stgraber> Current known limitations include the to-be-implemented My subscriptions page and the download links.

 16:03:40 <stgraber> Download links should be implemented at some point today and I'll try to get the subscriptions page done over the weekend.

 16:03:43 <stgraber> 

 16:03:45 <stgraber> I invite everyone to make sure their account work (as they need to be automatically merged at first login) and to play a bit with the new site.

 16:03:48 <stgraber> I added "A test milestone" for you to play around and try to break the site :)

 16:04:26 <stgraber> ..

 16:05:06 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!

 16:05:16 * skaet looks around for o/?

 16:05:34 <pitti> o/

 16:05:42 <skaet> go pitti

 16:05:46 <pitti> any fundamentally different features, structure, etc. we need to be aware of?

 16:06:02 <pitti> or is it pretty much working like the old one from an "user"'s POV?

 16:06:10 <pitti> I clicked around a bit, and it does look familiar enough

 16:06:25 <stgraber> nothing too visible at the moment, biggest difference is access to the archive and the possibility of adding a rebuild reason when adding new builds

 16:06:34 <pitti> ah, that's handy

 16:06:44 <pitti> you mean s/adding/disabling/ ?

 16:07:10 <pitti> that's a nicer place to keep that information than the etherpad

 16:07:39 <stgraber> the DB supports new things like hardware profile, multiple results per user, per-milestone testcases, ... but it's not exposed at the moment as I want to be able to push results back to the old tracker if needed

 16:07:54 * skaet happily notes its better interface on admin side, too   ;)

 16:08:36 <stgraber> it's a note field for each build, so you can use it to tell the testers what really needs testing

 16:08:47 <stgraber> or to tell why something got disabled when marking it for rebuild

 16:09:17 <pitti> looks nice, we shouldn't have problems finding our way there; thanks!

 16:09:37 <stgraber> (though I noticed the UI for the later seems to be missing, adding that to my todo for this afternoon ;))

 16:09:37 <pitti> .. (in case you were waiting for that)

 16:09:44 <cjwatson> also, all daily builds are auto-posted

 16:09:57 <cjwatson> we'll just change a config file on nusakan to flip that to a milestone

 16:10:13 <cjwatson> (not all auto-posted today, because the tracker went down and also we spotted a security problem (fixeD))

 16:10:16 <cjwatson> *fixed

 16:10:33 <pitti> so with (what feels like) 20 minute ISO builds, auto-posting, QA auto-testing, and publish-image-set.py, isn't that pretty much a fully scripted release manager? :-)

 16:10:49 <pitti> (srsly, this all makes me soo happy!)

 16:10:49 <skaet> :)

 16:10:49 <stgraber> right, and for these of you wondering, you won't get spammed for daily builds :)

 16:11:16 <ogra_> 20min iso builds ....

 16:11:25 * ogra_ is so envious

 16:11:48 <alourie> stgraber: is the new site points to the regular data? or something else?

 16:12:26 <stgraber> the current site is using a DB import from iso.qa.ubuntu.com from an hour ago

 16:12:31 <alourie> ah

 16:12:38 <alourie> ok

 16:12:51 <stgraber> schema is different so I can't simply use the same DB but I have import/export scripts to transfer data back to the old tracker if needed

 16:13:44 <skaet> Thanks again stgraber!  Very much looking forward to switching to this new tracker!!

 16:13:52 * skaet moves on to round tables now...

 16:14:06 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 16:14:32 <skaet> hmm.... he seems to be away

 16:14:51 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team update -  jibel

 16:15:32 <jibel> hi

 16:16:13 <pitti> o/ (question)

 16:16:25 <skaet> go pitti

 16:16:51 <pitti> jibel: can you please give a quick status quo of which tests currently happen to daily ISOs? do we have any? smoketesting? anything else?

 16:17:25 <pitti> i. e. to what degree can we trust an image that gets posted, and how much manual smoketesting testing should we do before we post it to the tracker?

 16:17:36 <pitti> asking in context of the a1 release next week

 16:18:06 <pitti> ISTR that in past cycles we had an automatic smoke tester, but it was never fully clear to me when/how that runs

 16:18:17 <pitti> ..

 16:18:20 <Daviey> pitti: upgrade testing, or fresh install?

 16:18:27 <pitti> fresh install of ISOs

 16:18:32 <pitti> I'm aware of the upgrade testing

 16:18:53 <pitti> i. e. slam them into a VM, run ubiquity with leaning on the Return key, and see if the result boots

 16:19:10 <jibel> ok, the current automated test are triggered automatically when a new build is available on cdimage.u.c

 16:19:22 <pitti> yes, oversimplified, but in essence "does the installer crash during the default options"

 16:19:22 <jibel> it uses preseeding and runs in VMs

 16:20:04 <jibel> we are testing a default installation, LVM, encrypted home, different tasksel selections

 16:20:21 <jibel> I don't have the exhaustive list on the top og my mind but can send it to the list

 16:20:23 <pitti> so ideally we should only auto-post an image after that ran and succeeded, not immediately from the ISO build itself

 16:20:39 <pitti> jibel: wow, that's already more than I hoped for :)

 16:21:12 <jibel> we are testing both d-i and ubiquity

 16:21:14 <Daviey> (jibel spotted an issue on on server default install for us today :)

 16:21:32 <pitti> jibel: how do we learn if an image is good/bad? checking at jenkins? or does it make some noise if a test case fails?

 16:21:53 <jibel> Daviey, bug 894187 maybe ?

 16:21:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 894187 in console-setup (Ubuntu Precise) "d-i preseeded installation fails because keyboard-configuration/xkb-keymap is not set" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/894187

 16:22:02 <stgraber> hopefully on the ISO tracker (once the result API is ready ;))

 16:22:19 <pitti> ah, so that's how it works -- the smoketest auto-posts results?

 16:22:26 <jibel> pitti, notifications are sent to a mailing list

 16:22:52 <jibel> when a test fails, when it's unstable (some of the tests fails) or back to normal

 16:23:08 <skaet> jibel,   what's the mailing list,  and how can folks subscribe?

 16:23:43 <pitti> jibel, stgraber: fantastic, thanks to you guys for setting this up

 16:23:48 <stgraber> pitti: not yet, but that's the idea now that we have the dailies on the tracker. I have a results.get_list and results.add XMLRPC calls in the new tracker, though it's not public yet as the API will change post-alpha1 (ability to post multiple results and link to hardware)

 16:24:01 <jibel> or you can check the status on https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise%20Daily%20ISOs/

 16:24:02 * pitti shuts up now, 'nuff owning of the meeting

 16:24:11 <stgraber> pitti: so hopefully for alpha-2 we'll have the automated testing and upgrade testing reporting to the tracker

 16:24:19 <Daviey> \o/

 16:24:23 <jibel> we'll have a real dashboard really soon

 16:24:28 <pitti> https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise%20Daily%20ISOs/ will do just fine for a1

 16:24:35 <cjwatson> pitti: we auto-post everything as dailies because the QA results are attached to posted-for-testing images

 16:24:53 <pitti> I mean, WTH, for oneiric and earlier we had to manually run an ISO just to find out that the installer crashes right away

 16:24:58 <cjwatson> perhaps we could promote things to milestone builds after daily testing or something

 16:25:03 <cjwatson> but yeah, we don't need to discuss that noww

 16:25:22 <cjwatson> Daviey: the bug jibel referred to above will be fixed at the next d-i rebuild

 16:25:23 <pitti> right, I just wanted to know where to look and what happens

 16:25:26 <cjwatson> (later today)

 16:25:36 <Daviey> \o/

 16:25:44 <Daviey> Today is just getting better, and better

 16:25:52 <skaet> jibel,   what's the mailing list,  and how can folks subscribe?

 16:26:52 <jibel> skaet, https://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/ubuntu-testing-notifications

 16:27:04 <skaet> jibel,  Thanks!

 16:27:22 <jibel> just a word about the test we are doing for upgrade

 16:27:24 <skaet> and a big thank you to you and all the QA team for the work you've been doing to get this hooked up.  :)

 16:27:47 <skaet> jibel,  go ahead.

 16:28:05 <jibel> upgrades are also tested automatically using the auto-upgrade-tester

 16:28:11 <jibel> results are here https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise/job/precise-upgrade/

 16:28:31 <Daviey> jibel: is that based on what mvo used to do, or something fresh?

 16:28:45 <jibel> we are running ubuntu, ubuntu-server and a selection of task on both amd64 and i386

 16:28:55 <jibel> Daviey, yes it is

 16:29:14 <Daviey> ta

 16:29:18 <jibel> we are currently testing from latest stable to the dev release

 16:29:34 <jibel> and we'll add LTS->LTS testing after A1

 16:29:43 <skaet> :)

 16:29:45 <Riddell> jibel: could Kubuntu be added to that and the iso tester?

 16:30:42 <jibel> Riddell, we can provide the instructions if you want to set up the infrastructure for Kubuntu

 16:31:20 <Riddell> ok

 16:31:34 * skaet moving on to round table now

 16:31:40 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Q&A - stgraber

 16:31:52 <stgraber> hey again!

 16:31:59 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000506.html

 16:32:32 <stgraber> I don't think we have any question at this point. I'll test Edubuntu this weekend and upload fixes for anything that's not too risky to fix for alpha-1

 16:32:33 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!    glad you have images again.   Any concerns for next week's images?

 16:32:58 <stgraber> currently my concerns are: will it boot, then will it install and then will it still boot :)

 16:33:01 <stgraber> I'll know more on Monday

 16:33:08 <skaet> Thanks.  :)

 16:33:10 <cjwatson> haha

 16:33:19 <cjwatson> I should frame that and put it on my wall

 16:33:32 <stgraber> :)

 16:33:47 * skaet not seeing any hands,  moving on.

 16:33:51 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team Q&A - mdeslaur

 16:33:57 <mdeslaur> hi!

 16:34:03 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000501.html

 16:34:16 <mdeslaur> business as usual, work items are set in stone

 16:34:39 <mdeslaur> we'll probably be uploading the final 2.7 version of apparmor, but that shouldn't impact anything

 16:34:42 <mdeslaur> that's about it!

 16:34:46 <Daviey> \o/

 16:35:04 <Riddell> thanks to jdstrand for doing the kdeutils fix

 16:35:30 <mdeslaur> yes! he's eating leftover turkey today as a reward for that hard work :)

 16:35:46 * skaet assumes ..,  and that Daviey is just happy and no questions...

 16:35:53 <mdeslaur> ..

 16:35:54 <skaet> Thanks mdeslaur!

 16:35:58 <mdeslaur> thanks!

 16:36:11 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team Q&A - apw

 16:36:17 <apw> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000494.html

 16:36:35 <apw> All of out blueprints are pretty much there now.

 16:36:52 <apw> The expected rebase to 3.2-rc3 appeared yesterday and has already been uploaded.

 16:37:02 <apw> I think thats it.

 16:37:04 <apw> ..

 16:37:06 <skaet> Thanks apw!    any worries about the new kernel for next week?

 16:37:26 <apw> No i've been testing it for 24 hours on my kit here, even my day-to-day machine and its been rock solid

 16:37:36 <skaet> sweet!  thanks!

 16:37:38 <apw> much happier now we are on an official -rc

 16:37:41 <apw> ..

 16:37:46 <skaet> :)

 16:37:50 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team Q&A - cjwatson

 16:38:08 <cjwatson> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000504.html

 16:38:20 <cjwatson> bug 885654 has come up since that, I'm working on that now

 16:38:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 885654 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity crashed with KeyError in partman_edit_dialog(): 'method_choices'" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/885654

 16:38:40 <cjwatson> and we'll need to rebuild installer images for the new kernel once it's finished building everywhere

 16:38:47 <cjwatson> but other than that, no concerns for alpha-1 that I know of

 16:38:49 <cjwatson> ..

 16:38:57 <skaet> Thanks cjwatson!

 16:39:26 * skaet not seeing questions so moving on

 16:39:30 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team Q&A - Daviey

 16:39:34 <Daviey> Hola!

 16:39:43 <Daviey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000512.html

 16:39:46 <Daviey> Current focussed bugs:

 16:39:48 <Daviey> http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:39:51 <Daviey> Something that should be included is the mysql transition to 5.5, this is being driven by SpamapS.  Uf you have any questions or issues, he is the man of the moment.

 16:39:54 <Daviey> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/libmysqlclient.html

 16:39:57 <Daviey> ^^ Tracking it.

 16:39:57 <Daviey> Thanks!

 16:39:58 <Daviey> ..

 16:40:19 <skaet> Thanks Daviey!

 16:41:01 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team Q&A-  ogra_

 16:41:07 * ogra_ waves

 16:41:18 <ogra_> [link] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000513.html

 16:41:25 <ogra_> nothing to add here ...

 16:41:27 <ogra_> ..

 16:42:21 <skaet> thanks ogra_ !    will confirm the image set with you early next week for alpha 1.

 16:42:33 <ogra_> hasnt changed since oneiric

 16:42:34 <ogra_> ..

 16:42:49 <skaet> thanks ogra_,  that's what I was hoping to hear.  :)

 16:42:53 <ogra_> :)

 16:42:57 <cjwatson> o/

 16:43:04 <skaet> go cjwatson

 16:43:29 <cjwatson> is the armel+omap4 image on http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/daily-live/current/ intended to stay there?  it isn't autobuilt, and IIRC it was a temporary experiment, but I didn't want to just nuke it without asking

 16:44:00 <ogra_> cjwatson, nuke it for now, we found some issues with building it properly and were waiting for a new kernel

 16:44:25 <cjwatson> are you intending to autobuild it in future then?  does it supersede the preinstalled image or will it be a new addition?

 16:44:28 <ogra_> we dont inted to autobuild live (yet) if there are any arm live images they are all just for one time tests

 16:44:48 <cjwatson> OK, then I suggest using CDIMAGE_NOPUBLISH=1 when building them and putting them manually into a custom directory

 16:45:05 <ogra_> if we find that live installs faster than preinstalled resizes we might re-consider switching to live

 16:45:10 <cjwatson> that way we don't get this kind of confusion

 16:45:17 <ogra_> (which i highly doubt)

 16:45:19 <cjwatson> I've nuked it, thanks

 16:45:19 <ogra_> will do

 16:45:21 <ogra_> ..

 16:46:01 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro team Q&A - fabo

 16:46:08 <fabo> hi!

 16:46:15 <fabo> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000518.html

 16:46:35 <fabo> mostly busy with our release. not much to add...

 16:46:38 <fabo> ...

 16:46:53 <skaet> Thanks fabo!  congrats on getting 11.11 out.  :)

 16:47:08 <fabo> thks :)

 16:47:24 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 16:48:00 * skaet doesn't see him... moving on.

 16:48:10 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 16:48:16 <pitti> status is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus

 16:48:21 <pitti> This morning I got a bit surprised by bug 893842, which was a silent major change, but I think we fixed the most important bits now. We need to watch out for/search for less visible cases of assuming "admin" still, though.

 16:48:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 893842 in policykit-1 (Ubuntu Precise) "Move "admin" group to "sudo"" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/893842

 16:48:25 <pitti> Aside from that, no current problems for A1, should be ready to go.

 16:48:28 <pitti> Except for some oversizedness, but if we don't manage to sort that out, I figure it's not an A1 blocker.

 16:48:32 <pitti> questions?

 16:48:34 <pitti> ..

 16:49:19 <skaet> Thanks pitti!  oversize not blocker for alpha1.

 16:49:41 <pitti> it might just resolve itself, as we moved to rb now and removed mono

 16:49:47 <pitti> but FTR

 16:50:05 <Riddell> rb?

 16:50:13 <ogra_> rhythmbox

 16:50:15 <ogra_> ..

 16:50:18 <skaet> tomboy moved since mono off the cd?

 16:50:20 <Riddell> right

 16:52:24 <pitti> skaet: it should; haven't gotten a daily build yet to verify

 16:52:39 <skaet> pitti,  thanks.

 16:53:08 <cjwatson> pitti: want one?

 16:53:33 <cjwatson> no need to wait if it would be useful now (well, now + build time)

 16:53:43 <skaet> :)

 16:53:55 <pitti> cjwatson: well, I'll call it a week right after the meeting, so daily weekend builds are enough for me

 16:54:03 * scott-upstairs is afk for 30 secs

 16:54:22 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Experience Team Q&A - dbarth

 16:54:27 <dbarth> hi

 16:54:29 <dbarth> the status was posted on the ML and is also at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/ReleaseStatus

 16:54:40 <cjwatson> pitti: ok

 16:55:06 <dbarth> nothing much to add

 16:55:11 <skaet> thanks dbarth!

 16:55:11 <dbarth> do you have questions?

 16:55:13 <dbarth> ..

 16:55:44 <skaet> when will there be burndown charts available?

 16:55:48 <Riddell> dbarth: myunity was uploaded to new queue, if anyone on your team objects to it do let the archive admins know

 16:56:36 <dbarth> myunity?

 16:56:37 * scott-upstairs back

 16:56:48 <Riddell> a unity settings tweaking application

 16:57:10 <dbarth> skaet: i need to work on that for next week; mostly see how to have our bug pile being taken into account

 16:57:31 <skaet> dbarth,  gotcha,  will get with you offline.

 16:57:46 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell

 16:58:09 <Riddell> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000505.html

 16:58:12 <Riddell> bug 893826 currently causing upgrade breakage

 16:58:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 893826 in pkgbinarymangler (Ubuntu) "symlinked docs are different between architectures, depending on dpkg-deb package order" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/893826

 16:58:14 <Riddell> ISOs oversized

 16:58:17 <Riddell> ..

 16:58:27 <skaet> Thanks Riddell!

 16:58:36 <skaet> which images will you be trying to release with alpha 1?  (cd, dvd, alternate for i386, amd64 - is assumption right now)  Is there someone lined up to test arm images?   what about active?

 16:58:54 <Riddell> kubuntu active doesn't exist yet

 16:59:16 <cjwatson> o/

 16:59:40 <Riddell> my arm machine is not with me, so I won't be able to test for alpha 1

 16:59:48 <Riddell> cjwatson: hi

 17:00:09 <cjwatson> Riddell: there's a bunch of stuff on http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.txt which appears to be actually due to versioned dependencies from metapackages which aren't satisfied (e.g. kdegraphics Recommends: kdegraphics-mobipocket (>= 4:4.7.3), kdegraphics-mobipocket is at 4:4.7.1-0ubuntu2) - is that all just pending builds?

 17:00:30 <cjwatson> if it's all Recommends it may not have been noticed

 17:00:30 <ogra_> Riddell, GrueMaster can probably cover that for one alpha (we need to ask him though and he wont be back before monday)

 17:00:32 <ogra_> ..

 17:00:53 <Riddell> cjwatson: it's pending me finishing the merges which I'll do this afternoon

 17:01:31 <cjwatson> OK

 17:01:38 <cjwatson> I'll not demote that stuff :)

 17:02:10 <skaet> Thanks ogra_ (/me holds off on removing them from the image list for A1)

 17:02:12 <Riddell> cjwatson: it's untidy I agree, I'll have a think about if there's a way to stop the meta-kde update causing that

 17:03:53 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - scott-upstairs

 17:04:00 <scott-upstairs> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000515.html

 17:04:22 <scott-upstairs> we've addressed a few bugs, including the dssi-vst ia32-libs issue i think

 17:04:39 <scott-upstairs> and cjwatson has helped with the root-sudo issue as well that i think pitti mentioned

 17:05:00 <scott-upstairs> and a question:  i was going to update the studio theme to the xubuntu theme, should i wait until after a1?

 17:05:01 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:05:14 <skaet> Thanks scott-upstairs!  any changes to the specific images for A1, or same as oneiric?

 17:05:17 <cjwatson> you have time if you do it by Monday or so, I think

 17:05:28 <scott-upstairs> cjwatson, ack

 17:05:37 <scott-upstairs> skaet, pretty much the same as oneiric really

 17:05:46 <skaet> scott-upstairs, thanks!

 17:06:00 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick

 17:06:04 <madnick> hi

 17:06:08 <madnick> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000503.html

 17:06:16 <madnick> We have blueprints for all of our roadmap items with an assignee.

 17:06:24 <madnick> ..

 17:06:32 <skaet> Thanks madnick!   re: testing

 17:06:55 <skaet> ideally see how many of the manditory tests per milestone you can work through.

 17:07:09 <madnick> okay :)

 17:07:47 <skaet> Thanks.  Basically need to figure out if they are safe to ship or not,  and what to warn folks about.

 17:08:05 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir

 17:08:11 <gilir> hi :)

 17:08:17 <gilir> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-November/000502.html

 17:08:43 <gilir> nothing new, except we would like to add powerpc ISO to the list of tested ISO for a1

 17:08:58 <cjwatson> that's just a matter of it being on the tracker

 17:09:10 <gilir> yes

 17:09:31 <gilir> ..

 17:09:34 <skaet> Thanks gilir!

 17:09:53 <cjwatson> though I suspect alternate powerpc won't work; see https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/kernel-team/2011-November/017979.html

 17:10:46 <gilir> ah, I will ask people to look at this

 17:11:10 <skaet> [TOPIC] MOTU Team Q&A - tumbleweed or Laney

 17:11:15 * tumbleweed waves

 17:11:19 <skaet> :)

 17:11:30 <tumbleweed> no mail from us, nothing crazy happening in MOTU

 17:11:32 <tumbleweed> ..

 17:11:38 <cjwatson> gilir: no need, patch is there, but I don't think it will make alpha-1 now

 17:11:47 <skaet> thanks tumbleweed!

 17:11:58 <skaet> [TOPIC] Any other business, comments questions: ?

 17:12:20 * skaet looks around for o/'s

 17:12:27 <gilir> cjwatson, ok thanks :)

 17:13:27 <skaet> Its a wrap then.  Thanks stgraber, mlegris, jibel, mdeslaur, apw, cjwatson, Daviey, ogra_, fabo, joshuahoover, pitti, dbarth, Riddell, madnick, scott-upstairs, gilir, tumbleweed.   Good meeting.  :)

 17:13:30 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)