#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:06:51 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-05-18.06.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:07:19)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cableswig.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:10)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gforge.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:12)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ejabberd.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:15)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:18)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xmlsec1.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:22)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:33:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (46)
 * mdeslaur (18)
 * tyhicks (18)
 * jjohansen (11)
 * micahg (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:06:51 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:06:51 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec  5 18:06:51 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:06:51 <meetingology> 

 18:06:51 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:07:18 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:07:19 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:07:27 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:07:36 <jdstrand> Thanks to the following people who helped Ubuntu Security last week:

 18:07:40 <jdstrand> * Gabriel A. von Winckler (winckler) for the phpldapadmin debdiffs

 18:07:46 <jdstrand> * Dominic Hargreaves <dom@earth.li> for the request-tracker3.8 debdiff

 18:07:51 <jdstrand> * Arnaud Quette (Uzuul) for help in updating the nut qa-regression-testing script (LP: #894476)

 18:08:17 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure! :)

 18:08:26 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:08:31 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:09:06 <jdstrand> last week was 'interesting' in that I did quite a bit, but not what I said I would :P

 18:09:32 <jdstrand> that said, I am in the happy place again and I have several updates I am working on

 18:09:54 <jdstrand> several MIR audits need to still be done that have been backburnered for too long

 18:10:06 <jdstrand> assuming I can actually do those things, I will do some work items

 18:10:10 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:10:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 18:11:04 <mdeslaur> and I have some updates for colord, commons-daemon and dovecot that I need to test and release

 18:11:15 <mdeslaur> besides that, I'm looking into the ffmpeg/libav issues

 18:11:29 <mdeslaur> and will pick up some other stuff from the list

 18:11:35 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 18:11:40 <mdeslaur> micahg: you're up

 18:11:51 * jdstrand guesses he could get more specific: updates are for vsftpd, python-django and quassel

 18:13:07 <micahg> working on updates, patch pilot, planning Firefox rapid release migration for lucid/maverick

 18:13:52 <micahg> also starting to plan for webkit 1.6 migration as well

 18:14:06 <micahg> that's it for me

 18:14:10 <micahg> tyhicks: you're up

 18:14:22 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:14:26 <mdeslaur> micahg: 1.6 or 1.8?

 18:14:32 * tyhicks waits

 18:14:41 <micahg> mdeslaur: 1.6 first, then 1.8 if we choose that for precise

 18:15:03 <micahg> to clarify: 1.6 in all stable releases

 18:15:48 <tyhicks> I am currently finishing up testing a fix for a private bug

 18:16:05 <tyhicks> I need to make some progress on my update queue and I'll probably focus on bzip2 first

 18:16:09 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: do you have an eta on the 1.8 decision? are you participating in that discussion?

 18:16:12 <jdstrand> err

 18:16:14 <jdstrand> micahg: ^

 18:16:34 <micahg> jdstrand: haven't heard back, will check with the Desktop team this week

 18:16:36 <jdstrand> tyhicks: didn't mdeslaur take bzip2?

 18:16:52 <tyhicks> jdstrand: nope - he took it and then gave it back :)

 18:16:58 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: nope

 18:17:01 <jdstrand> ah, sneaky

 18:17:19 <tyhicks> So I'll bet there is something exciting waiting there for me ;)

 18:17:28 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: nah

 18:17:34 <mdeslaur> trivial fix

 18:17:58 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: I do need to coordinate with you regarding the t1lib update

 18:18:14 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: Shall I run with it from here on?

 18:18:38 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: sure

 18:18:51 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: just make sure I didn't regress anything with the patch

 18:19:04 <mdeslaur> although I don't know how that could happen

 18:19:17 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: Will do

 18:19:31 <tyhicks> I need to patch, test, and upstream a fix for the eCryptfs statfs() max filename length reporting bug (LP: #885744)

 18:19:49 <tyhicks> Finally, I'd like to get a 'make check' set up in ecryptfs-utils for eCryptfs tr

 18:20:00 <tyhicks> oops... that is "eCryptfs trunk tests"

 18:20:08 <jjohansen> tyhicks: do you have the patch for that one already?

 18:20:15 <tyhicks> jjohansen: nope

 18:20:26 <jjohansen> tyhicks: I might, let me check

 18:20:55 <tyhicks> ok, great

 18:21:17 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up - that's it for me

 18:21:27 <jjohansen> This week I will hopefully finish squashing the bugs around aa namespaces and get fake stacking up in a ppa so the server team can start integrating with it.

 18:21:27 <jjohansen> I also need to testing on the new __d_path api, and once that is settled move apparmor to using it.  Oh and write some documentation for them on using it.

 18:21:48 <mdeslaur> jjohansen: did you find a solution to that?

 18:21:51 <jjohansen> oh and I guess I will try to publish a few kernel usns without breaking things

 18:22:07 <jjohansen> mdeslaur: yes al viro, created a new api

 18:22:19 <mdeslaur> jjohansen: cool, so we don't lose anything?

 18:22:44 <jjohansen> mdeslaur: we shouldn't but I haven't tested the api, nor changed the patch to it yet

 18:22:51 <mdeslaur> jjohansen: ok

 18:23:22 <jjohansen> mdeslaur: if not we do have a fall back that is I think 100% but its a lot more work as it relies on us getting our labeling in shape

 18:23:35 <mdeslaur> hrm

 18:23:35 <jjohansen> ie. work not planned for this cycle

 18:23:51 * mdeslaur crosses fingers

 18:23:53 * jdstrand keeps fingers and toes crossed

 18:23:53 <jjohansen> oh, and not on disk labeling

 18:24:23 <jjohansen> thats it from me

 18:24:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:24:47 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:24:54 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:25:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cableswig.html

 18:25:12 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gforge.html

 18:25:15 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ejabberd.html

 18:25:18 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html

 18:25:22 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xmlsec1.html

 18:25:57 <jdstrand> opensaml2 and xmlsec1 should only need a merge from Debian per http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/

 18:26:19 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:26:26 <jdstrand> I have one thing

 18:27:10 <jdstrand> last week I did a work items analysis which culminated in http://people.canonical.com/~jamie/wi/precise-canonical-security.html

 18:27:52 <jdstrand> that page is rough, but it gives a percent completed and sums the days we initially estimated to complete the work

 18:28:11 <tyhicks> nice!

 18:28:19 <jdstrand> because we commit to essential and try hard to get all our high work items, there are separate stats for them

 18:28:51 <tyhicks> jdstrand: I think I spot a small mistake in my row

 18:28:55 <jdstrand> it should also be updated automatically via cron based on the work items tracker output

 18:29:11 <jdstrand> tyhicks: I don't doubt it :) let's talk after the meeting

 18:29:15 <tyhicks> sounds good :)

 18:29:28 <jdstrand> so, the is preliminary of course

 18:30:03 <jdstrand> but in general, I think looking at essential and high, the work is properly loaded

 18:30:25 <jdstrand> we can discuss specifics in #ubuntu-hardened after the meeting if there aer questions

 18:30:45 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:31:23 <jdstrand> 'work is properly loaded' sounds funny. I should say 'the work load is correctly distributed'

 18:33:16 <jdstrand> ok, thanks everybody!

 18:33:20 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)