#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by s-fox at 22:05:29 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-16-22.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Ubuntu Forums Council Meeting
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda   (s-fox, 22:06:44)

 *Buffalo Solider sub-forum request
''ACTION:'' Create the discussion thread for more input  (s-fox, 22:22:25)

 *Representative for CC meeting

 *Community Building Ideas
''LINK:'' ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1741789   (s-fox, 22:31:50)



Meeting ended at 22:45:50 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Discuss ubuntu pre-install sub-forum restructure in the staff area
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * Create the discussion thread for more input



== People present (lines said) ==

 * s-fox (76)
 * Artificial_Intel (28)
 * meetingology (13)
 * cariboo907 (9)
 * moergaes (5)
 * howefield (3)
 * MrChrisDruif (3)
 * czajkowski (2)



== Full Log ==


 22:05:29 <s-fox> #startmeeting

 22:05:29 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Dec 16 22:05:29 2011 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 22:05:29 <meetingology> 

 22:05:29 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 22:05:48 <MrChrisDruif> What meeting is this?

 22:05:58 <s-fox> FC meeting

 22:06:06 <MrChrisDruif> And that is?

 22:06:10 <s-fox> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Forums Council Meeting

 22:06:44 <s-fox> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 22:07:09 <s-fox> Okay, the first thing is the ripfox ban. we need to vote on it, so perhaps move om

 22:07:13 <MrChrisDruif> Alright, I'll just lurk

 22:07:47 <Artificial_Intel> We can't take a decision on that without the others, I agree

 22:08:10 <s-fox> Fancy going over the sub-forums request Artificial_Intel?

 22:08:27 <Artificial_Intel> aye, I got some stuff on that topic

 22:08:32 <s-fox> Okay :)

 22:08:35 <s-fox> [TOPIC] Buffalo Solider sub-forum request

 22:09:02 <s-fox> Personally speaking I don't object to any of the sub-forums being created

 22:09:09 <Artificial_Intel> We actually have two request from companies, so lets put them together.

 22:09:21 <s-fox> +1, sounds good.

 22:09:34 <s-fox> That would be za-reason right?

 22:09:38 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 22:09:40 <cariboo907> Wouldn't it be better if both of them went through Canonical?

 22:10:02 <s-fox> Couldn't we put them where system76 is/

 22:11:03 <Artificial_Intel> I was thinking a little re-structure of the forum regarding pre-installed and the alike support forums.

 22:11:16 <s-fox> How do you mean cariboo907?  I thought za-reason had already approached canonical

 22:12:23 <s-fox> Artificial_Intel,  Would you have all the pre-install in one sub-forum ?

 22:12:31 <cariboo907> When that Dell salesman tried to start a thread, we referred him to Canonical

 22:13:07 <s-fox> Hmm, that is a fair point cariboo907. Maybe we should point them to canonical

 22:13:54 <Artificial_Intel> I agree, companies need approval first from canonical before we make a support forum for them.

 22:14:10 <s-fox> In terms of buffalo soldier, he should get his site setup before we do anything

 22:14:43 <s-fox> I also notice he has not been on the forum since he made the request. Perhaps see's it as "free advertising" ?

 22:14:57 <Artificial_Intel> But my restructure proposal is for the longer term when we get a lot more of this.

 22:15:23 <s-fox> Yea, I think if we were to restructure we should get the input from the others

 22:16:01 <moergaes> In the thread http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1895853 , most seem to agree.

 22:17:14 * s-fox nods,  but shouldn't za-reason contact canonical ?

 22:17:52 <cariboo907> Artificial_Intel, didn't your restructure request get approved, then ignored?

 22:18:51 <Artificial_Intel> that was the gaming forum restructure, yes it was approved and ignored (or forgotten)

 22:19:04 <s-fox> Does it still need to be done?

 22:19:16 * s-fox thinks Artificial_Intel has the tools to do the job ;)

 22:19:55 <Artificial_Intel> Well, I could do it myself :P

 22:20:20 <s-fox> Okay, the ubuntu pre-install restructure does sound like the way forward (to me anyway).  Perhaps we should start a thread discussing in with the rest of the staff?

 22:20:33 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 22:20:39 <s-fox> I know the one moergaes linked is za-reason, but this is more generic.

 22:20:49 * cariboo907 says +1

 22:21:19 <s-fox> [VOTE] Discuss ubuntu pre-install sub-forum restructure in the staff area

 22:21:19 <meetingology> Please vote on: Discuss ubuntu pre-install sub-forum restructure in the staff area

 22:21:19 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 22:21:26 <s-fox> +1

 22:21:26 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 22:21:30 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 22:21:30 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 22:21:36 <cariboo907> +1

 22:21:36 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 22:21:44 <s-fox> moergaes :)

 22:21:46 <moergaes> +1

 22:21:46 <meetingology> +1 received from moergaes

 22:22:03 <s-fox> [ENDVOTE]

 22:22:03 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Discuss ubuntu pre-install sub-forum restructure in the staff area

 22:22:03 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 22:22:03 <meetingology> Motion carried

 22:22:25 <s-fox> [ACTION] Create the discussion thread for more input

 22:22:25 * meetingology Create the discussion thread for more input

 22:22:34 <s-fox> Oh wait, that should have been agreed.

 22:22:36 <s-fox> *sigh

 22:22:47 <Artificial_Intel> about the gaming structure, I'll look at it in the holydays

 22:22:50 <s-fox> [AGREED] Create the discussion thread for more input

 22:23:09 <s-fox> Okay Artificial_Intel, sounds good to me :)

 22:23:37 <s-fox> Next item is the Community Council Meeting

 22:23:49 <s-fox> [TOPIC] Representative for CC meeting

 22:24:02 <s-fox> I cannot make it, the time is wrong.

 22:24:14 <s-fox> It is to early for me. 17:00 UTC

 22:24:20 <s-fox> Can you make it Artificial_Intel?

 22:24:38 <Artificial_Intel> I'm at work at the time.

 22:24:54 <Artificial_Intel> *that

 22:25:17 <s-fox> Okay, so it will probably have to be Joeb454 or baps that goes. I think the time is super difficult for bodhi and jdong

 22:25:55 <Artificial_Intel> baps from France, so she's properly at work too

 22:26:21 <s-fox> Yeah, but it would be 6 for her. I am still at work for another hour

 22:26:52 <s-fox> Maybe we should contact the CC and see if they can move the time a little ?

 22:27:00 <Artificial_Intel> worth a try

 22:27:33 <s-fox> Okay, if baps and / or Joeb454 can't make it either we will contact them. I have Laura's email

 22:28:09 <s-fox> I guess we could move onto Community Building Ideas

 22:28:18 <s-fox> [TOPIC] Community Building Ideas

 22:29:07 <Artificial_Intel> link?

 22:29:08 <s-fox> I think we should create the ubuntu forums team

 22:29:13 <czajkowski> s-fox: Joeb454 said he'd make the meeting, the meeting is at 5pm UTC can't be changed I'm afraid

 22:29:32 <s-fox> czajkowski,  Can the day be changed to say a weekend?

 22:29:48 <s-fox> czajkowski,  Thanks for the info on joeb

 22:30:02 <czajkowski> no I'm afriad not it happens during the CC meeting, which is kinda fixed tbh given 8 folks on multiple timezones

 22:30:19 <s-fox> Okay.

 22:31:15 <s-fox> I would like to revive my suggestion from ages ago about a forums team. I have the link somewhere, let me find :)

 22:31:49 <Artificial_Intel> ghost from the past :P

 22:31:50 <s-fox> [LINK] ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1741789

 22:32:36 <s-fox> It had a lot of discussion, get some team spirit going and not just people on their own

 22:32:48 <s-fox> Welcome howefield :)

 22:32:55 <howefield> hey :)

 22:33:10 <cariboo907> s-fox, your link is broken

 22:33:28 <moergaes> Worked fine for me.

 22:33:36 <s-fox> works for me too ?

 22:34:02 <s-fox> Artificial_Intel,  Link work for you?

 22:34:17 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 22:34:40 <cariboo907> It must just be me :(

 22:34:52 <s-fox> Maybe we should just bump it up in the staff area ;)

 22:35:32 <Artificial_Intel> As I understands it; Some kind of Super dedicated members to help out helping people?

 22:35:32 <s-fox> I seem to recall bodhi wanting to lighten the mood on the forum with a theme week  :)

 22:35:55 <s-fox> Artificial_Intel,  Pretty much. You remember the hardware / unanswered posts / beginners team ?

 22:36:03 <s-fox> Well imagine all them rolled into one

 22:36:03 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 22:36:41 <Artificial_Intel> Sounds reasonable.

 22:36:59 <s-fox> I think they could be revived under one banner

 22:37:27 <s-fox> I'll bump it up :)

 22:38:02 <Artificial_Intel> I'll +1 it

 22:38:07 <s-fox> I do have one item that is not on the agenda concerning the forum upgrade.

 22:38:18 <s-fox> Artificial_Intel,  Did you see the emails I have been forwarding?

 22:38:35 <s-fox> We need to establish how many people only use the openid login

 22:38:55 <s-fox> I am not sure where to look to find out, but eliott wants to know

 22:39:15 <Artificial_Intel> that's going to be difficult

 22:39:25 <s-fox> Probably yes :/

 22:40:17 <s-fox> I know going down for the upgrade is not going to be a problem.

 22:40:31 <Artificial_Intel> those who uses OpenID, don't they have alternative to login untill the forum plugin is resolved?

 22:40:35 <s-fox> We can let people know in advance

 22:41:17 <s-fox> I think they would need to register like normal user Artificial_Intel.

 22:41:19 <cariboo907> I don't use it, because the remember me feature doesn't work

 22:41:42 <s-fox> And you can guarantee someone will complain :/

 22:42:04 <Artificial_Intel> There's always someone that complain, it's human nature.

 22:42:08 <s-fox> +1

 22:42:58 <s-fox> You got anything to discuss Artificial_Intel , cariboo907, moergaes & howefield ?

 22:43:30 <Artificial_Intel> or any complains? ;)

 22:43:33 <moergaes> No, I am mostly just following what's going on.

 22:43:35 <cariboo907> nothing here

 22:43:43 <howefield> likewise

 22:44:04 <s-fox> Okay, think might end the meeting early. It's late friday night for me :)

 22:44:19 <s-fox> Sorry only 2 of the FC came :/

 22:44:31 <s-fox> But thanks for coming everyone else :)

 22:44:55 <moergaes> Thanks for being invited, though not being a council member.

 22:44:58 <Artificial_Intel> good to see some staff at the meeting

 22:45:06 <s-fox> Yep

 22:45:11 <howefield> thanks to the 2 who did turn up

 22:45:20 <s-fox> I like having the staff around :)

 22:45:50 <s-fox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)