#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdmurray at 17:03:07 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-08-17.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Updates of action items from previous meeting

 *Mentorship program discussion
''ACTION:'' hggdh to email mentorship group alpha with questions regarding value of the program and what mentees are looking for  (bdmurray, 17:19:42)
''ACTION:'' bdmurray to create spec for UDS P regarding mentorship program  (bdmurray, 17:20:23)

 *Open Discussions



Meeting ended at 17:27:28 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * hggdh to email mentorship group alpha with questions regarding value of the program and what mentees are looking for
 * bdmurray to create spec for UDS P regarding mentorship program



== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
 ** bdmurray to create spec for UDS P regarding mentorship program
 * hggdh
 ** hggdh to email mentorship group alpha with questions regarding value of the program and what mentees are looking for



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (29)
 * hggdh (16)
 * meetingology (5)
 * pedro_ (3)
 * charlie-tca (3)
 * micahg (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:03:07 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 17:03:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  8 17:03:07 2011 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:03:07 <meetingology> 

 17:03:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:03:45 <bdmurray> The agenda can be found at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BugSquad/Meeting

 17:04:04 <bdmurray> #topic Updates of action items from previous meeting

 17:04:45 <bdmurray> There are a couple of things relating to test cases:

 17:04:55 <bdmurray> bdmurray tag bugs with 'TEST CASE' in description testcase

 17:05:03 <bdmurray> bdmurray recommend people modify description with 'TEST CASE' words if steps to reproduce exist in bug description or in comments

 17:05:27 <bdmurray> I've done neither of those but still can.  Do we think they are still a good idea?

 17:06:04 <micahg> yes

 17:06:11 <pedro_> i think so, yes

 17:06:20 <hggdh> +1

 17:06:34 <bdmurray> okay, lets carry those over then

 17:06:44 <bdmurray> and I'll do them asap ;-)

 17:07:25 <bdmurray> "

 17:07:37 <bdmurray> then we have "bdmurray to recommend that auto bug modifiers not incomplete bug reports that have been triaged as triaged is a state settable only by people who know what is what"

 17:07:50 <bdmurray> I've spoken with the people I know running bug bots so that is done

 17:07:50 <charlie-tca> +1 to TEST CASE

 17:08:07 <bdmurray> charlie-tca: I get it ;-)

 17:09:11 <bdmurray> and finally "hggdh to review all bug workflows that result with an "Invalid" status and see if using "Incomplete" makes more sense and email bugsquad regarding results"

 17:09:47 <hggdh> still do be finalised

 17:09:58 <bdmurray> do you need some help?

 17:10:18 <hggdh> not right now -- I just need to get on it 100%

 17:10:43 <bdmurray> hggdh: okay got it

 17:10:57 <hggdh> and thank you :-)

 17:11:24 <bdmurray> #topic Mentorship program discussion

 17:12:01 <bdmurray> I haven't been keeping a good eye on the mentorship program but it seems to have stagnated is that a fair statement?

 17:12:40 <pedro_> seems so, i haven't seen much emails on that

 17:12:50 <hggdh> yes. I have not seem much happening there; I am considering running a query on each one of the current mentees to see what they had done

 17:13:29 <hggdh> My feeling is most of them are lurking -- they want it, as long as it automatically lands on them, and do all

 17:14:02 <hggdh> from most of them I have not seen much...

 17:14:28 <hggdh> (except, as far as I can remember, trinikrono

 17:14:31 <hggdh> )

 17:14:39 <bdmurray> Personally, I still feel like we had good success looking at people who were active on bugs and recruiting them into bug control as opposed to just asking people to join an amorphous mentoring program.

 17:14:50 <hggdh> I agree

 17:15:18 <hggdh> itis time to consider closing the mentorship, I thnk

 17:16:02 <bdmurray> How do other people feel about this?

 17:16:04 <pedro_> perhaps a good discussion for UDS? :-)

 17:16:18 <hggdh> pedro_: yes, I agree

 17:16:28 <hggdh> bdmurray, charlie-tca, micahg ?

 17:16:44 <hggdh> (or anyone else?)

 17:17:10 <charlie-tca> I agree

 17:17:29 <bdmurray> I say +1 for discussing it at UDS but we should get some mentee input before that

 17:17:48 <charlie-tca> That would be good, too

 17:17:48 <bdmurray> somebody should email the mentorship group mailing list and see what's up

 17:18:00 <hggdh> I will do it now

 17:19:04 <micahg> +1 for closing the specific program, maybe a note about general mentoring that happens in #ubuntu-bugs

 17:19:06 <bdmurray> and when I say what's up I mean what are you looking for from the program and what kind of mentoring are you looking for

 17:19:42 <bdmurray> #action hggdh to email mentorship group alpha with questions regarding value of the program and what mentees are looking for

 17:19:42 * meetingology hggdh to email mentorship group alpha with questions regarding value of the program and what mentees are looking for

 17:20:23 <bdmurray> #action bdmurray to create spec for UDS P regarding mentorship program

 17:20:23 * meetingology bdmurray to create spec for UDS P regarding mentorship program

 17:21:36 <bdmurray> #topic Open Discussions

 17:22:51 <bdmurray> Is there anything anybody would like to discuss or announce?

 17:27:12 * hggdh just notes an email has been sent to the mentorship ML requesting feedback

 17:27:19 <bdmurray> Okay then, thanks everyone

 17:27:28 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)