#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:02:28 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-24-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Bugs
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~brian/complete-graphs/ubiquity/plots/ubiquity-halfyear-triaging.png   (bdmurray, 15:18:55)

 *Beta
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.milestone=39143   (slangasek, 15:24:09)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:44:23 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (57)
 * bdmurray (31)
 * cjwatson (24)
 * doko (20)
 * stgraber (20)
 * ev (18)
 * mvo (16)
 * ubottu (10)
 * meetingology (6)
 * jhunt_ (5)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:28 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02:28 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Aug 24 15:02:28 2011 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:02:28 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 15:02:44 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:02:44 <meetingology> TOPIC: lightning round

 15:02:48 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e cjwatson barry doko stgraber jhunt mvo ev bdmurray slangasek)

 15:02:51 <slangasek> barry mvo slangasek bdmurray jhunt stgraber ev cjwatson doko

 15:02:55 <slangasek> no barry today, so mvo:

 15:03:19 <mvo> (shorter week, worked only half a day monday/tuesday)

 15:03:19 <mvo> did:

 15:03:19 <mvo> software-center: lots of work on the gtk3 version, fixes in "whats new" and the sort ordering, network state/offline mode fixes, work on add-license-key infrastructure, lots of review/merges,

 15:03:19 <mvo> misc: replaced broken openwrt router

 15:03:19 <mvo> apt: extensive testing of the new SoC ordering code via the auto-upgrade-tester

 15:03:21 <mvo> aptdaemon: debug/fix #828162 (multiarch), add lp:~mvo/aptdaemon/add-license-key-call, debug/fix crash with 64 bit progress types (LP: #829186), review/merge packagekit backend branch(!)

 15:03:24 <mvo> update-manager: do not run software-properties-gtk, upload new version

 15:03:26 <mvo> next week:

 15:03:28 <mvo> VACATION

 15:03:29 <mvo> EOF

 15:04:04 <mvo> (eh, do not run software-properties-gtk as root that should read)

 15:04:21 <slangasek> ah, done too quickly, I should've rigged the output to put myself last like I usually do

 15:04:26 <slangasek> bdmurray: can you go ahead? :)

 15:04:31 <bdmurray> aye

 15:04:40 <bdmurray> bug triage of canonical-foundations and canonical-qa team assigned bug reports

 15:04:43 <bdmurray> reviewing foundations team bugs that missed the alpha-3 milestone

 15:04:46 <bdmurray> writing a bug pattern and a bug bot function for ubiquity bug 743359

 15:04:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 743359 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Installer: LockFailedException: Failed to lock /target/var/cache/apt/archives/lock" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/743359

 15:04:58 <bdmurray> bug pattern writing for bug 386763 (defoma locked exists)

 15:04:58 <bdmurray> bug pattern writing for bug 828759 regarding ubuntu-meta

 15:04:58 <bdmurray> update to search-bugs from bugpatterns to accept a within X number of days parameter to make cron'ing it easier

 15:04:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 386763 in defoma (Ubuntu) "[Master] font package failed to install/upgrade: post-installation exit status 1 - /var/lib/defoma/locked exists." [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/386763

 15:05:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 828759 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu Oneiric) "package ubuntu-desktop 1.240 failed to install/upgrade: ErrorMessage: dependency problems - leaving unconfigured" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/828759

 15:05:01 <bdmurray> email to defect analysts regarding search-bugs cronjob

 15:05:14 <bdmurray> email to the defect analysts team regarding invalid apport-package bug reports

 15:05:17 <bdmurray> patch-subscriber fix for dealing with bugs with subscribers that are private teams or people

 15:05:20 <bdmurray> updated firefox-lp-improvements extension to work with firefox 7

 15:05:28 <bdmurray> improvements to ubiquity duplicate signatures for syslog files and tracebacks

 15:05:31 <bdmurray> bug triage of ubiquity duplicate signature bug reports

 15:05:33 <bdmurray> creation of a bug bot function to detect hardware errors for /, /var, or /usr partitions resulting in an apport-package bug report

 15:05:36 <bdmurray> investigated / started writing a transitioned to High and Critical bug report using launchpadlib

 15:05:39 <bdmurray> defect analysts sprint last week

 15:05:42 <bdmurray> done

 15:05:57 <jhunt_> Overcame blocking bug in tests for Upstart job logging feature (yay!)

 15:05:57 <jhunt_> Currently frantically writing remaining tests (of which there are oodles^2).

 15:06:00 <jhunt_> Bank Holiday on Monday 29th.

 15:06:06 <jhunt_> îƒ¿

 15:07:06 <stgraber> jhunt_: is that last character == "done" ? :)

 15:07:40 <jhunt_> stgraber: yeah - its an Ubuntu logo symbol "done" :)

 15:07:47 <stgraber> ok :)

 15:07:58 <stgraber> let's see if my copy/paste works this time around :)

 15:07:59 <stgraber> - LinuxCon last week

 15:07:59 <stgraber> - Working on Edubuntu mostly this week, trying to get everyting in shape by tomorrow

 15:08:03 <stgraber> - Rewrote ltsp-live entirely, testing it now should be uploaded this afternoon

 15:08:06 <stgraber> - Patched unity-greeter a bit to work better with flavours

 15:08:08 <stgraber> - Various theming/UI updates

 15:08:11 <stgraber> - Work on the installer slideshow

 15:08:13 <stgraber> - Other than that, fought with my SAN for two hours yesterday, it finally works again :)

 15:08:17 <stgraber> - Still working with TPM trying to get it working in a PPA for Oneiric and hopefully in P.

 15:08:20 <stgraber> - TODO list

 15:08:22 <stgraber> - Fix iTalc FTBFS (apparently can't find QT since multiarch change)

 15:08:25 <stgraber> - Manual IPv6 testing for cyphermox

 15:08:27 <stgraber> - Work on automated testing of IPv6 for QA

 15:08:30 <stgraber> wow, looks like it did!

 15:08:32 <stgraber> (done)

 15:08:38 <ev> - Lots of work on wireless networking and webcam pages on the installer, now

 15:08:38 <ev> done and uploaded.

 15:08:39 <ev> - Expanded tests for ubiquity.

 15:08:39 <ev> - Helped the web team review their plans for developer.ubuntu.com.

 15:08:39 <ev> - More fixes/breakage to gst-plugins-{good,bad}.

 15:08:40 <ev> - Port the noninteractive frontend to PyGI.

 15:08:40 <ev> (done)

 15:08:54 <cjwatson> Mostly slogging through NBS and build failures this week (libav, evolution, ibus, gnustep, etc. etc. ad nauseam).  Melting laptop with pbuilder.

 15:08:57 <cjwatson> Some more tweaks to LP API syncpackage; now merged, although there are some more to-do items (partly in Launchpad).

 15:09:00 <cjwatson> Trying *again* to get my Launchpad dpkg-xz-support branch merged.  Current blocker is new EC2 images ...

 15:09:04 <cjwatson> Various discussions about rotational maintenance team.

 15:09:06 <cjwatson> Took a small hatchet to console-cyrillic to fix bug 597673.

 15:09:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 597673 in console-cyrillic (Ubuntu Oneiric) "console-cyrillic changes settings on consoles it doesn't own, causing crashes with plymouth + X" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/597673

 15:09:09 <cjwatson> Working on switching Chinese edition images over to new ubuntu-defaults-image build framework.  Nearly there.

 15:09:12 <cjwatson> Provisionally arranged accommodation for the release sprint.

 15:09:14 <cjwatson> Planning some UEFI testing soon to make sure that's in shape for beta.

 15:09:17 <cjwatson> --

 15:09:30 <doko> rotational maintenance team?

 15:09:58 <cjwatson> only a tentative idea as yet, I'll tell you about it after the meeting :)

 15:10:15 <slangasek> stgraber: ping me if you need any help with the Qt multiarch problem

 15:10:50 <stgraber> slangasek: I probably will. I can build it fine but I'd rather avoid patching its configure file to achieve that ;)

 15:11:20 <doko> - archive test rebuild: amd64 finished, i386 at libx,

 15:11:20 <doko> ~1100 ftbfs in the bug tracker.

 15:11:20 <doko> - sent gcc-multiarch patch upstream, not yet accepted,

 15:11:20 <doko> maintainers would like to see a multiarch definition

 15:11:20 <doko> documentation first.

 15:11:21 <doko> - backported the multiarch patch to 4.4, 4.5, 4.6.

 15:11:23 <doko> gcc, gcj, gnat uploads

 15:11:25 <doko> - eglibc merge

 15:11:27 <doko> - got the MIR queue down

 15:11:29 <doko> - chased down libreoffice build failure on armel

 15:11:31 <doko> - integrated libffi, eglibc, gcc patches to get

 15:11:33 <doko> openjdk-6 built on armhf (with help from xranby)

 15:11:35 <doko> jamvm doesn't yet run on armhf.

 15:11:37 <doko> - ftbfs fixing

 15:11:39 <doko> - started the rebuild test on armel

 15:11:41 <slangasek> well, sometimes patching configure (... configure.in, I mean) is the right fix; there's a lot of wrong detection code out there

 15:11:41 <doko> - linaro toolchain working group calls

 15:11:43 <doko> make it 1150 now

 15:12:01 <slangasek> cjwatson: how are EC2 images blocking dpkg-xz-support?  Resource contention?

 15:13:03 <cjwatson> slangasek: Launchpad EC2 test images, not ours

 15:13:28 <slangasek> doko: (done)?

 15:13:30 <cjwatson> slangasek: apparently they only get auto-upgraded when creating a new image, not at the start of a test, so they still have the old python-apt and fail; StevenK is working on getting me new images

 15:13:35 <doko> --

 15:13:39 <slangasek> cjwatson: ah

 15:13:52 <slangasek> doko: thanks :)

 15:13:54 <slangasek> * follow through on flashplugin multiarch support, proposing package changes to auto-upgrade users to the i386 package for natty->oneiric; ran afoul of a remaining apt multiarch bug

 15:13:58 <slangasek> * found some aptdaemon multiarch bugs, which mvo has now fixed

 15:14:01 <slangasek> * fixing some startup-related bugs in nfs-utils

 15:14:03 <slangasek> * qemu-linaro updated packaging, will look for an FFe (fixes FTBFS)

 15:14:06 <slangasek> * fixed some of the FTBFS bugs

 15:14:08 <slangasek> * sponsored ibus update for CJK issues

 15:14:11 <slangasek> * helping a bit with NBS now

 15:14:15 <slangasek> (done)

 15:15:25 <slangasek> any questions on anything above?

 15:15:58 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:15:58 <meetingology> TOPIC: Bugs

 15:16:06 * slangasek hands the mic to bdmurray

 15:16:18 <bdmurray> So we've had some new mostly installer related bugs coming in

 15:16:30 <bdmurray> like bug 830940

 15:16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 830940 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Where are you: No location selected by default" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/830940

 15:16:49 <bdmurray> and a couple of others which have been assigned to ev

 15:16:51 <ev> yeah, on my list

 15:17:15 <bdmurray> Also I was looking at bug 831752 yesterday and wanted to make sure I was testing it right

 15:17:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 831752 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Command-line Install on Minimal CD tries to boot graphically" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/831752

 15:17:25 <cjwatson> I looked at a couple of them but they mostly seemed to be to do with the PyGI migration, and I don't have much experience with that yet

 15:18:25 <cjwatson> bdmurray: that sounds like the right test

 15:18:31 <bdmurray> cjwatson: okay thanks

 15:18:48 <bdmurray> Generally speaking with bugs I've been making some good progress with ubiquity bug reports

 15:18:55 <bdmurray> http://people.canonical.com/~brian/complete-graphs/ubiquity/plots/ubiquity-halfyear-triaging.png

 15:19:15 <bdmurray> Where I've been creating a duplicate signature using information in the syslog

 15:19:47 <slangasek> \o/

 15:19:48 <bdmurray> and then doing some manual consolidation.  However, I'd like to talk to ev and or cjwatson about this to make sure my logic is sound and get it into the apport package hook for ubiquity

 15:20:17 <bdmurray> and also to find out how to work with the GrubInstaller failure failures

 15:22:18 <bdmurray> So could we talk after the meeting?

 15:22:29 <ev> sure

 15:22:47 <bdmurray> okay thanks, that is all I have

 15:23:10 <slangasek> thanks, Brian

 15:23:33 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Beta

 15:23:33 <meetingology> TOPIC: Beta

 15:24:06 <slangasek> so we haven't talked a whole lot about milestoned bugs lately... but the list for beta-1 is kinda long, so I thought I would draw your attention to it

 15:24:09 <slangasek> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.milestone=39143

 15:25:13 <slangasek> many of these are for other teams, but there's definitely some work for us to do on there

 15:25:34 <slangasek> (bdmurray: I guess there's no good way to filter that for bugs on packages we care about until we have structural subscriber exposed?)

 15:25:54 <bdmurray> slangasek: there is probably a way now ;-)

 15:26:03 <cjwatson> I'll need to have another look at the grub/LVM bug this week, I guess; it was opaque to me last time I looked

 15:26:36 <bdmurray> slangasek: using the API though

 15:26:42 <slangasek> bdmurray: ah, ok

 15:26:55 <slangasek> I'll have a look at the sqlite one

 15:26:58 <slangasek> I loves me some demotions

 15:27:03 <cjwatson> ev: do you want me to take bug 420080, since you have a lot of ubiquity bugs?

 15:27:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 420080 in partman-crypto (Ubuntu) "Configure encrypted volumes destroys existing data" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/420080

 15:27:11 <slangasek> (things you don't want to hear your manager say, #62)

 15:27:13 <cjwatson> (not that I'm looking forward to it)

 15:27:23 <ev> cjwatson: please do

 15:27:34 <ev> thanks

 15:27:37 <cjwatson> I'm generally churning through build failures as time permits

 15:28:29 <cjwatson> I'm mostly using https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+milestone/ubuntu-11.10-beta-1 - it doesn't show the package, and has invalid and fixed bugs, but it does show the assignee which I find handy

 15:28:41 <slangasek> ev: bug #825786 needs fixed ASAP, it will cause upgrade problems for just about everyone running oneiric; will you get to that today, or shall I take it?

 15:28:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 825786 in gst-plugins-bad0.10 (Ubuntu Oneiric) "package gstreamer0.10-camerabin (not installed) failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite '/usr/lib/gstreamer-0.10/libgstcamerabin.so', which is also in package gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad 0.10.22-2ubuntu1" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/825786

 15:28:52 <ev> slangasek: already uploaded

 15:29:02 <slangasek> ah

 15:29:15 <ev> oh, maybe not

 15:29:18 <ev> this looks different

 15:29:43 <slangasek> yes, this is because you moved another file between packages, the Breaks/Replaces version needs bumped in -good

 15:30:17 <slangasek> mvo: do I remember correctly that you said DonKult had a fix for bug #802901?

 15:30:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 802901 in apt (Ubuntu Oneiric) ""E: Internal Error, Could not early remove linux-libc-dev" in multiarch chroot" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/802901

 15:30:52 <ev> slangasek: oh, I just bumped that with the previous upload this morning

 15:31:00 <mvo> slangasek: let me double check but I think I uploaded a fix for this already

 15:31:30 <mvo> yeah, pointing to debian instead of LP for the bug

 15:32:16 <mvo> sorry for that, set to fix-released

 15:32:45 <slangasek> ev: ah, ok - thanks, closing

 15:33:03 <slangasek> hmm, I guess the bug reported there actually *was* the earlier issue... ohwell, all fixed now

 15:33:06 <ev> sure thing

 15:34:10 <slangasek> so yeah, then there are a whole bunch of build failures on the list if people want to help out with those :)

 15:34:44 <slangasek> any other comments on beta bugs?

 15:35:22 <cjwatson> mostly just OMG

 15:35:42 * slangasek nods

 15:35:47 <cjwatson> normally they're mostly desktop, but in this case there are a lot on our list

 15:36:36 <slangasek> seems a lot of that is due to more aggressive targeting of bug reports?

 15:36:44 <cjwatson> that may be, especially build failures

 15:36:57 <slangasek> at least we'll keep busy :)

 15:37:21 <cjwatson> oh, yes, can somebody take bug 575469?  it's assigned to Surbhi

 15:37:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 575469 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu Oneiric) "recovery mode mounts filesystems read-write rather than read-only" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/575469

 15:38:08 <slangasek> stgraber: can you take that?

 15:38:10 <cjwatson> may need some thought on how to deal gracefully with recovery menu items that require RW

 15:38:48 <stgraber> slangasek: yeah, I'm not too familiar with friendly-recovery but I'm happy to take it, as long as it's not expected to be fixed by beta1.

 15:39:16 <slangasek> stgraber: targeted to beta-1 currently, but it's medium - don't sweat it if it slips

 15:39:40 <stgraber> slangasek: ok. I'll "try" to have a look next week, worst case I'll definitely have time for it post-beta1

 15:39:55 <slangasek> ok

 15:40:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:40:05 <meetingology> TOPIC: AOB

 15:40:36 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:41:24 <mvo> I'm on vacation next week and the week after just, just FYI

 15:41:35 * slangasek nods

 15:41:43 <slangasek> I'm on vacation myself the week after next

 15:41:57 * doko should plan for vacation too ...

 15:41:59 <slangasek> wandering around France and England

 15:42:20 <ev> going to be in london at all?

 15:42:38 <mvo> slangasek: sounds nice!

 15:42:41 <slangasek> ev: only for transit connections :)

 15:42:49 <ev> heh, fair enough

 15:44:12 <slangasek> mvo: my first time visiting France (instead of passing through) in 15 years... my French is a little rusty :)

 15:44:23 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)