#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:01:49 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-30-15.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule   (skaet, 15:02:43)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-mgr-o-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 15:02:55)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/ReleaseManifest   (skaet, 15:03:03)

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week39_2011.html   (mlegris, 15:06:15)

 *QA team update -  jibel
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/boot-speed/   (jibel, 15:09:57)

 *Security team update - jdstrand
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (jdstrand, 15:15:56)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html   (jdstrand, 15:15:57)

 *Kernel team update - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogasawara, 15:17:05)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10.html   (ogasawara, 15:17:05)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html   (ogasawara, 15:17:05)

 *Foundations team update - cjwatson

 *Server team update - Daviey
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-server-overview.html   (Daviey, 15:27:06)

 *ARM team update

 *ARM team update - ogra_
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogra_, 15:31:13)

 *Linaro update - rsalveti

 *Desktop Team update  - pitti

 *Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth_

 *Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 *Edubuntu Team update - stgraber

 *Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 *Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 *Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 *MOTU Team update - tumbleweed

 *Any other business?



Meeting ended at 16:12:47 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (111)
 * jibel (47)
 * Daviey (38)
 * ogra_ (31)
 * ogasawara (25)
 * ubottu (25)
 * dbarth_ (18)
 * fabo (16)
 * ScottK (16)
 * pitti (14)
 * cjwatson (11)
 * mlegris (10)
 * charlie-tca (9)
 * gilir (8)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * stgraber (7)
 * meetingology` (3)
 * rsalveti (3)
 * josimba_ (2)
 * czajkowski (1)
 * Ursinha (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01:49 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:01:49 <meetingology`> Meeting started Fri Sep 30 15:01:49 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:01:49 <meetingology`> 

 15:01:49 <meetingology`> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:07 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 15:02:07 <skaet> Agenda can be found: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-09-30

 15:02:07 <skaet> .

 15:02:07 <skaet> We're now in Final Freeze for Main and the Seeded Universe.  Thank you for all the fixes that have been submitted over this last week!  :)   Only high/critical fixes necessary to release the images will be accepted now.

 15:02:08 <skaet> .

 15:02:10 <skaet> Based on discussions last week in this meeting the archive is remaining frozen now for the remainder of the cycle.   Please ping a release team member on #ubuntu-release if a high/critical bug fix for main or one of the seeded universe packages needs shepherding through if its been sitting there for more than 12 hours.

 15:02:43 <skaet> Key dates:

 15:02:43 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule

 15:02:43 <skaet> 11.10 Final Freeze:  Sept 29 at 2100 UTC.

 15:02:43 <skaet> 11.10 Non Language Pack Translation Deadline:  Sept 29 at 2100 UTC

 15:02:43 <skaet> 11.10 Language Pack Translation Deadline:  Oct 6 at 1200 UTC

 15:02:44 <skaet> 11.10 Unseeded Universe Freeze Oct 11 at 1200 UTC  (more discussion at end of meeting )

 15:02:48 <skaet> 11.10 Release Date: October 13, 2011

 15:02:50 <skaet> .

 15:02:52 <skaet> For those who want to see what bugs are showing up on the release list during the upcoming weeks,  we'll be focusing on resolving or documenting:

 15:02:55 <skaet> [LINK] http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-mgr-o-tracking-bugs.html

 15:02:57 <skaet> If you see a package being looked at against the wrong team,  let me or one of the defect analysts know, and we'll adjust,  also,  some won't fix bugs are still showing up with the status of the package rather than the oneiric specific task, these will be moved off the list shortly.

 15:03:01 <skaet> Would also like to request all the flavor product leads take a pass through

 15:03:03 <skaet> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/ReleaseManifest

 15:03:05 <skaet> and confirm the details are accurate for their images.

 15:03:13 <skaet> questions?

 15:03:14 <skaet> ..

 15:03:43 * skaet thanks ogra for playing hold music ;)

 15:04:26 <pitti> sorry, I'm not sure that I'm connected, do you read me?

 15:04:37 <skaet> yes pitti,  we see you.

 15:04:44 <skaet> or at least I do ;)

 15:05:49 * skaet doesn't see questions

 15:05:57 <skaet> on to round table.

 15:06:11 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 15:06:15 <mlegris> [Week 39 Testing Report]

 15:06:15 <mlegris> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week39_2011.html

 15:06:15 <mlegris> .

 15:06:22 <mlegris> Beta 2 Testing

 15:06:22 <mlegris> * Testing went well, the majority of systems passed.

 15:06:31 <mlegris> Bugs:

 15:06:31 <mlegris> * Â Bug #810145 - unity-panel-service crashes

 15:06:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 810145 in unity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "unity-panel-service crashed with SIGABRT in __kernel_vsyscall()" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/810145

 15:06:39 <mlegris> Any questions?

 15:07:03 <mlegris> ..

 15:07:04 <skaet> Thanks mlegris!   glad there doesn't seem to be any blockers from the Cert side to worry about.

 15:07:18 <mlegris> np skaet!

 15:07:23 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team update -  jibel

 15:07:46 <jibel> = Weekly QA Activity =

 15:07:51 <jibel> This week was dedicated to testing, troubleshooting and finding test cases for populars crashes.

 15:07:51 <jibel> We spent time on testing Wubi disk image installation too.

 15:07:51 <jibel> Major issues identified have been added to the release manager bug tracking report.

 15:08:03 <jibel> = Bug Activity =

 15:08:06 <jibel> * New bugs opened during last week (no dups): 1758(+22.00 % over previous week)

 15:08:12 <jibel> Top 5 packages with bugs opened during the week:

 15:08:12 <jibel> * unity: 89 (5.06%)

 15:08:12 <jibel> * linux: 48 (2.73%)

 15:08:19 <jibel> * software-center: 43 (2.45%)

 15:08:19 <jibel> * nautilus: 37 (2.10%)

 15:08:19 <jibel> * banshee: 30 (1.71%)

 15:08:24 <jibel> * 26 reports are regressions. Top 3:

 15:08:28 <jibel> * software-center: 3

 15:08:28 <jibel> * unity: 2

 15:08:29 <jibel> * nautilus: 1

 15:08:36 <jibel> The following are in status 'New':

 15:08:40 <jibel> 62970	abiword crashed with SIGABRT in PD_Document::areListUpdatesAllowed()

 15:08:40 <jibel> 858684	aptd crashed with TypeError in _on_status_update(): not all arguments converted during string formatting

 15:08:40 <jibel> 862677	Can no longer create IMAP folders

 15:08:45 <jibel> 861339	compiz crashed with SIGSEGV in nux::WindowCompositor::RenderTopViews()

 15:08:46 <jibel> 863093	Function keys for volume not working as expected

 15:08:46 <jibel> 862662	No busy cursor when opening files

 15:08:52 <jibel> 862609	seahorse-plugins gone in Oneiric

 15:08:52 <jibel> 858543	software-center crashed with DBusException in _medium_required(): org.freedesktop.DBus.Error.UnknownMethod: Method "Cancel" with signature "" on interface "org.debian.apt.transaction" doesn't exist

 15:08:56 <jibel> 862686	software-center crashed with UnicodeDecodeError in _show_transaction_failed_dialog(): 'ascii' codec can't decode byte 0xc4 in position 14: ordinal not in range(128)

 15:09:03 <jibel> * Top 3 packages with High/Critical bugs opened and reported this week:

 15:09:11 <jibel> * unity: 4

 15:09:11 <jibel> * compiz: 4

 15:09:11 <jibel> * lightdm: 2

 15:09:15 <jibel> * Top 3 crashers of the week:

 15:09:18 <jibel> * software-center: 34 (79.07 %)

 15:09:18 <jibel> * unity: 28 (31.46 %)

 15:09:18 <jibel> * unity-2d: 20 (86.96 %)

 15:09:27 <jibel> * Top 3 packages that need triage (based on the number of untouched reports)

 15:09:32 <jibel> * Top 3 packages that need triage (based on the number of untouched reports)

 15:09:32 <jibel> * unity: 34 (38.20 %)

 15:09:32 <jibel> * software-center: 27 (62.79 %)

 15:09:32 <jibel> * banshee: 11 (36.67 %)

 15:09:36 <josimba_> He said he was reporting it for another coworker and couldn't give any details

 15:09:37 <jibel> = Boot speed =

 15:09:39 <josimba_> He then said he had to go but could be reached in 20 mins for more details

 15:09:57 <jibel> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/boot-speed/

 15:10:29 <jibel> (should be updated the todays data really soon)

 15:10:33 <skaet> :)

 15:10:50 <jibel> any question ?

 15:10:51 <jibel> ..

 15:10:57 <skaet> Thanks jibel!

 15:11:37 <skaet> I was seeing software-center showing up a bit on more than usual on the high/critical bugs this week too.   Will do some extra follow up there.

 15:12:28 <jibel> I looked at it, and clearly there are quite a lot of bugs that need triage in software-center

 15:12:58 <skaet> jibel,  the bugs that are in New state, are the respective team's defect analysts and project leads aware directly,  or only through this meeting?

 15:13:30 * skaet trying to figure out how to get those New ones sorted quickly.

 15:13:36 <Ursinha> bdmurray, ^

 15:13:50 <jibel> skaet, that's on defect analyst's plate

 15:14:44 <jibel> I'll see we pedro for software center.

 15:14:45 <skaet> jibel,  looks like Ursinha, bdmurray are aware now ;)

 15:15:00 <skaet> Thanks!

 15:15:01 <skaet> :)

 15:15:07 <skaet> any other questions for jibel?

 15:15:41 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team update - jdstrand

 15:15:48 <jdstrand> hi

 15:15:51 <skaet> :)

 15:15:56 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:15:57 <jdstrand> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html

 15:16:02 <jdstrand> Burn down is below the trend line. The remaining work items are not tied to the release schedule. I have only one MIR left requiring a security team audit.

 15:16:09 <jdstrand> One bug worth highlighting is bug #849027, but I see today that pitti is looking at it (thanks!). Bug #851986 has been deferred to SRU. Looking at the other oneiric bugs, there aren't any others worth highlighting.

 15:16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849027 in lightdm (Ubuntu Oneiric) "lightdm does not provide an equivalent to the gdm guest session AppArmor profile" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849027

 15:16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 851986 in evince (Ubuntu Oneiric) "use of Ux in ubuntu-* abstractions and profiles is too lenient and should be improved" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/851986

 15:16:17 <jdstrand> ..

 15:16:39 <skaet> Thanks jdstrand! :)  questions?

 15:16:58 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team update - ogasawara

 15:17:05 <ogasawara> Overall status is reported at the first link below.  Burn down for Oneiric Final is at the second link below.  Burndown for the cycle is at the third link:

 15:17:05 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:17:05 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10.html

 15:17:05 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html

 15:17:13 <ogasawara> We uploaded linux-3.0.0-12.19 last week to resolve some outstanding bugs prior to release.  We do not foresee any further uploads prior to release.  We are currently below both of our final milestone and overall burndown charts.  The remaining 2 work items are not release critical.

 15:17:27 <ogasawara> Of the remaining bugs called out on the agenda against the kernel, status is as follows:

 15:17:35 <ogasawara> #480444 - Needs further investigation.

 15:17:35 <ogasawara> #542660 - Looks to be related to EFI boot not loading the video bios into ram.

 15:17:35 <ogasawara> #557261 - Not a kernel issue, was closed Invalid.

 15:17:35 <ogasawara> #710733 - Universe package for debug purposes, not release critical.

 15:17:35 <ogasawara> #714862 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:17:36 <ogasawara> #746133 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:17:38 <ogasawara> #754711 - On a 3.0 oneiric kernel, system now suspends but doesn't resume.  further invetigation required.

 15:17:41 <ogasawara> #758486 - Told that TI will push a fix with the next BSP.

 15:17:43 <ogasawara> #761082 - Confirmed against Oneiric, investigation ongoing.

 15:17:45 <ogasawara> #786952 - Patch needs review for SRU possibility.

 15:17:47 <ogasawara> #790712 - The order 5 allocation seems to be bogus and non-fatal; further investigation ongoing.

 15:17:49 <ogasawara> #814325 - Issue confirmed upstream, further investigation required.

 15:17:51 <ogasawara> #818177 - Comments and investigation indicate this is a udev issue, not kernel. investigation ongoing.

 15:17:54 <ogasawara> #820466 - Fix Released in alsa-utils.

 15:17:56 <ogasawara> #836250 - Assigned to kernel dev, performance tests indicate environmental factors.

 15:17:58 <ogasawara> #760131 - Fix Released Oneiric, SRU Fix Committed for Natty.

 15:18:00 <ogasawara> Questions?

 15:18:04 <ogasawara> ..

 15:18:07 <skaet> Thanks ogasawara!

 15:18:51 <skaet> Can all kernel bugs on the list be considered oneiric-updates now?  or is there anything on the must fix for release list?

 15:19:26 <ogasawara> I don't think anything on the list is release critical so would agree they could be considered for oneiric-updates now

 15:19:31 <skaet> thanks

 15:20:07 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team update - cjwatson

 15:20:52 <cjwatson> We've wontfixed a number of bugs which aren't showstoppers and have no chance of being fixed for 11.10.  Shout if you disagree with one of these changes.

 15:20:55 <cjwatson> The important ones that remain:

 15:20:57 <cjwatson> Bug 553745 / bug 849414: We are getting moderately desperate here for somebody who is experiencing this and who can actually help us debug it.  If you're hitting this, please contact Steve!

 15:21:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 553745 in plymouth (Ubuntu Maverick) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/553745

 15:21:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849414 in plymouth (Ubuntu Oneiric) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849414

 15:21:02 <cjwatson> Bug 745960: stgraber has handed this back to me for further investigation.  Will have another go next week ...

 15:21:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 745960 in grub2 (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Cannot boot grub after installing to LVM" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/745960

 15:21:05 <cjwatson> Bug 779382: Code written and nearly works, although this may end up being an SRU.

 15:21:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 779382 in unity (Ubuntu Natty) "update-notifier not visible under unity" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/779382

 15:21:08 <cjwatson> Bug 818177: Slow progress; now actually seeing a firehose of relevant data.

 15:21:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 818177 in udev (Ubuntu Oneiric) "boot failures caused by udev race" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/818177

 15:21:11 <cjwatson> Bug 833783: Ball currently in the server team's court for debugging.

 15:21:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 833783 in udev (Ubuntu Oneiric) "boot failure: can't open /root/dev/console: no such file" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/833783

 15:21:14 <cjwatson> ..

 15:21:30 <skaet> Thanks cjwatson!

 15:22:03 <pitti> has been ages since I've seen a plymouth crash; are we still getting new reports for this?

 15:22:17 <cjwatson> yes, the odd one

 15:22:36 <cjwatson> it's definitely a lot better than it was; but the nature of the crash is that it is racy

 15:23:42 <cjwatson> unfortunately most of the bug comments are from people who turn up with "me too" reports but don't actually give us the information we need

 15:25:34 * skaet adds plymouth to list with software-center for some follow up. :/

 15:25:49 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team update - Daviey

 15:26:58 <Daviey> hello!

 15:27:06 <Daviey> Burndown:

 15:27:06 <Daviey> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-server-overview.html

 15:27:09 <Daviey> It seems we made it!

 15:27:12 <Daviey> Overview of bugs being tracked which are pertinent to release:

 15:27:14 <Daviey> - http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 15:27:17 <Daviey> If there are any not present, please let me know as soon as possible.  Thanks

 15:27:20 <Daviey> Detail:

 15:27:22 <Daviey> bug 861260 nova-common upgrade fails with runing lxc instances

 15:27:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 861260 in nova (Ubuntu) "nova-common upgrade fails with runing lxc instances" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/861260

 15:27:25 <Daviey> # Fix attached, to be including in the next nova upload

 15:27:27 <Daviey> bug 832159	lxc: get-console-output does not work

 15:27:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 832159 in nova (Ubuntu Oneiric) "lxc: get-console-output does not work" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/832159

 15:27:30 <Daviey> # Fix attached, pending scrutiny from upstream trunk.  Should be included in the next upload.

 15:27:33 <Daviey> bug 801494	Multi part LVM layout: system fails to boot due to missing volumes

 15:27:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 801494 in Ubuntu "Multi part LVM layout: system fails to boot due to missing volumes" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/801494

 15:27:36 <Daviey> # Possibly a duplicate of bug 818177

 15:27:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 818177 in udev (Ubuntu Oneiric) "boot failures caused by udev race" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/818177

 15:27:38 <Daviey> bug 832507	console.log grows indefinitely

 15:27:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 832507 in nova (Ubuntu) "console.log grows indefinitely" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/832507

 15:27:41 <Daviey> # (Security Bug) Fix attached, pending scruitiny from upstream trunk before including in next upload

 15:27:44 <Daviey> bug 842845	problems starting multiple lxc instances concurrently

 15:27:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 842845 in nova (Ubuntu Oneiric) "problems starting multiple lxc instances concurrently" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/842845

 15:27:46 <Daviey> # Possible resolution in libvirt, awaiting approval from libvirt

 15:27:49 <Daviey> bug 850880	cobbler-ubuntu-import does not pull from -updates

 15:27:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 850880 in cobbler (Ubuntu Oneiric) "cobbler-ubuntu-import does not pull from -updates" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/850880

 15:27:51 <Daviey> # Universe package, fix soon avaliable.

 15:27:54 <Daviey> bug 861547	/usr/sbin/ietadm is missing in /etc/sudoers.d/nova_sudoer

 15:27:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 861547 in nova (Ubuntu Oneiric) "/usr/sbin/ietadm is missing in /etc/sudoers.d/nova_sudoers" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/861547

 15:27:56 <Daviey> # Fix merged, awaiting upload

 15:27:59 <Daviey> bug 862816	/var/log/nova/* is world-readable

 15:28:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 862816 in nova (Ubuntu Oneiric) "/var/log/nova/* is world-readable" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/862816

 15:28:01 <Daviey> # Security issue, fix avaliable soon.

 15:28:04 <Daviey> bug 862844	Glance config files and logs are world-readable

 15:28:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 862844 in glance (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Glance config files and logs are world-readable" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/862844

 15:28:06 <Daviey> # As above

 15:28:09 <Daviey> bug 836922	swift-ring-builder exit status confusing

 15:28:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 836922 in swift (Ubuntu Oneiric) "swift-ring-builder exit status confusing" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/836922

 15:28:11 <Daviey> # Pending cherry pick from upstream trunk

 15:28:14 <Daviey> bug 818177, is causing us great concern.

 15:28:30 <Daviey> The ISO should now be shipping Orchestra enlistment support, and requires testing.

 15:28:43 <Daviey> I belive that is EOM.

 15:28:44 <Daviey> ..

 15:28:47 <Daviey> Any questions?

 15:28:53 <skaet> Thanks Daviey. :)

 15:29:17 <Daviey> Oh, someone please ask me a question.

 15:29:21 <skaet> I thought libvirt was already submitted by jdstrand?

 15:29:30 <Daviey> skaet: This is /another/ issue.

 15:29:37 <Daviey> jdstrands fix is Fix Released

 15:29:38 <skaet> ah,  ok.  :)

 15:29:51 <Daviey> hallyn is working on the other fix.

 15:30:03 * skaet will study list in more detail after meeting.

 15:30:03 <Daviey> We Are trying to get fixes upstreamed before including them, where pratical.

 15:30:55 * skaet doesn't see any other questions.... moving on.

 15:30:58 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team update

 15:31:09 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team update - ogra_

 15:31:13 <ogra_> = Full Status is at: =

 15:31:13 <ogra_> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:31:13 <ogra_> --

 15:31:13 <ogra_> = Summary =

 15:31:13 <ogra_> - Plenty of arm desktop image bugs were identified over the last week and got fixed

 15:31:15 <ogra_> - Banshee (or mono overall) sadly stopped working, bug 857299 is being researched by NCommander currently, but if we cant fix it in time consensus is to switch back to rhythmbox.

 15:31:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 857299 in banshee (Ubuntu) "banshee window remain white on startup on pandaboard" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/857299

 15:31:18 <ogra_> - mx5 images could finally get tested, the install and booting are very slow, the regular system works fine though.

 15:31:21 <ogra_> - OMAP 4460 support in kernel and bootloader landed this week (thanks linaro !).

 15:31:23 <ogra_> - work is still going on on partman-uboot but it is not clar it will make it in time, worst case we will have to release-note it.

 15:31:26 <ogra_> --

 15:31:28 <ogra_> = Image Status =

 15:31:30 <ogra_> - Desktop images suffer from archive skew (as expected around freeze time)

 15:31:32 <ogra_> - Server images (same status)

 15:31:34 <ogra_> - Netboot images (suffer from 806751)

 15:31:36 <ogra_> --

 15:31:38 <ogra_> = Specs =

 15:31:40 <ogra_> - Entire http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:31:42 <ogra_> --

 15:31:46 <ogra_> = Critical Bugs =

 15:31:48 <ogra_> - 806751 Boot partition on SD is too small on omap/omap4 with guided install

 15:31:50 <ogra_> - 857299 Banshee does not start

 15:32:20 <ogra_> thats all :)

 15:32:21 <ogra_> ..

 15:33:19 <skaet> Thanks ogra_ ! :)   when do you expect to start getting usable images from the archive?

 15:33:39 <ogra_> well, infinity was optimistic and fired just off a build :)

 15:33:45 <ogra_> before he went to bed

 15:33:56 <ogra_> so with luck, later tonight

 15:33:58 <ogra_> ..

 15:33:59 <skaet> ogra_, goodness.  :)

 15:34:29 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro update - rsalveti

 15:34:53 <fabo> :)

 15:35:01 <rsalveti> hey

 15:35:04 <rsalveti> fabo knows it all

 15:35:14 <skaet> :)

 15:35:22 <fabo> I'll take it from here ;)

 15:35:24 <skaet> sorry,  meant to have an "or" in there

 15:35:30 <fabo> = Developer Platform =

 15:35:32 <rsalveti> first, and most important, our release is out! \o/

 15:35:38 <fabo> - Linaro 11.09 released - https://wiki.linaro.org/Cycles/1109/Release

 15:36:01 <fabo> - work on the TI LT tree to make it work with OMAP 4460

 15:36:08 <fabo> - u-boot-linaro 2011.09.5 released, fixing OMAP 4430 ES2.0 and bringing support for OMAP 4460

 15:36:15 <fabo> - libjpeg-turbo is now at the archive - Thanks to ScottK and pitti

 15:36:21 <fabo> - plan to switch to Oneiric based images

 15:36:25 <fabo> --

 15:36:30 <fabo> = Infrastructure =

 15:36:37 <fabo> -  linaro-image tools updated to 2011.09 in the archive - Thanks to ogra_

 15:36:44 <fabo> ..

 15:36:48 <fabo> that's all :)

 15:36:48 <ogra_> me ?

 15:36:53 <skaet> Thanks fabo!  :)

 15:37:07 * ogra_ cant remember uploading that ... i must be getting old ...

 15:37:12 <skaet> any questions for linaro?

 15:37:31 <ogra_> (i uploaded libjpeg-turbo though, i think you got that mixed up)

 15:37:31 <fabo> ogra_: oups was for ljt :)

 15:37:32 <ogra_> ..

 15:37:57 <fabo> too much people involved in libjpeg-turbo ;)

 15:37:58 <fabo> ..

 15:38:02 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team update  - pitti

 15:38:32 <pitti> Packaged final GNOME 3.2 release. Mostly translation updates, but a few really good bug fixes, too.

 15:38:36 <pitti> Lots of bug fixing, RC and otherwise.

 15:38:41 <pitti> Unfortunately the stream of UIF/FF exception requests from DX/design does not really cease, we got the music search scope, new font, launcher rearrangements etc. in after much discussion. Unfortunately some of the unity changes are buggy, so we'll most likely need another upload.

 15:38:46 <pitti> As usual, RC bug status is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus#rcbugs

 15:39:07 <pitti> and for jdstrand's and my own mental sanity, I just uploaded a fix for bug 849027

 15:39:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849027 in lightdm (Ubuntu Oneiric) "lightdm does not provide an equivalent to the gdm guest session AppArmor profile" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849027

 15:39:12 <pitti> ..

 15:39:20 <jdstrand> \o/

 15:39:20 <skaet> Thanks pitti!

 15:39:24 * jdstrand hugs pitti

 15:39:39 <pitti> fix is rather large, but the profile has been tested thoroughly through gdm-guest-session already

 15:40:02 <skaet> any ETA on the next unity drop?

 15:40:17 <dbarth_> we're lining up fixes

 15:40:20 <pitti> I don't know, I'm afraid

 15:40:31 <dbarth_> we can release either beginning of next week or at the next weekly upload window

 15:40:55 <pitti> beginning of next weeks sounds good, to get it into the RC

 15:40:55 <skaet> dbarth_, beginning of next week please.

 15:41:22 <dbarth_> ok

 15:41:59 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth_

 15:42:06 <dbarth_> tuesday latest? we already have 5 bugs in progress, 1 fix

 15:42:13 <dbarth_> ok, so for the report: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/OneiricReleaseStatus

 15:42:30 <dbarth_> it mentions the last releases we made and the bug fix counter

 15:42:33 <pitti> Tue is fine, I think

 15:42:40 <dbarth_> other than that

 15:43:07 <dbarth_> the main change was the integration of the compiz stack mgmt code to fix the stacking problems

 15:43:20 <dbarth_> music lens with scope support (thanks again)

 15:43:50 <dbarth_> multi-monitor issues plugged gradually, in particular also with the patch limiting resolution selection

 15:44:16 <dbarth_> we're facing a massive increase in bug reports and have lined up more engineers to deal with triaging tasks

 15:44:29 <dbarth_> ..

 15:44:38 <pitti> o/

 15:44:44 <skaet> Thanks dbarth_!  go pitti

 15:44:45 <dbarth_> the bug radar list is still being updated as i speak

 15:44:55 <pitti> dbarth: do you know if a fix for bug 849732 is planned? It breaks keybindings rather badly. It's inconvenient enough for normal users, but a real disaster for a11y, I figure

 15:44:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849732 in unity-2d "Alt + <application menubar shorcut> doesn't work as well as Ctrl + W/Q" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849732

 15:45:59 <dbarth_> pitti: not yet

 15:46:16 <dbarth_> we know where it happens at least, but ted needs to look into that fix next

 15:46:38 <skaet> dbarth_, as you update the bugs,  could you please indicate the ones that have no chance of making the tuesday drop, and we'll want to SRU by marking them as oneiric-updates?   would like to get the must watch list pruned down to reasonable level.

 15:47:30 <dbarth_> it's the highest on his priority list now; but i'm concerned about the eds issue taking 100% of the cpu and that might need his attention as well

 15:48:55 <dbarth_> ok

 15:49:08 <skaet> thanks

 15:49:27 <dbarth_> we'd have to split that sru0 list or so; i think i'll add a tag instead; but yes

 15:50:05 <skaet> ok,  will get with you on monday then to discuss a bit further.

 15:50:20 * skaet looks around for any other questions?

 15:50:31 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 15:51:53 * skaet not seeing ScottK in channel,  moving on.

 15:52:05 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team update - stgraber

 15:52:13 <ScottK> \o

 15:52:15 <stgraber> Hi everyone!

 15:52:15 <stgraber> Edubuntu looks pretty good, all the remaining bits have been uploaded yesterday and hopefully we won't have to do much last minute fixing.

 15:52:18 <stgraber> I'm now working on getting WebLive running on Oneiric so we can have it online on release day, quite a few issues to work around but should be ready by Monday.

 15:52:21 <stgraber> We also still need to update our install documentation, our screenshots and prepare the release anouncement, will do so next week.

 15:52:24 <stgraber> And that's it!

 15:52:27 <stgraber> ..

 15:52:29 <stgraber> Questions?

 15:52:56 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!   :)  will coord about the announces, etc. next week.

 15:53:18 * skaet goes back to Kubuntu now..

 15:53:27 <ScottK> In general, we are in good shape for release.  The switch to kmail2 this cycle is not going well.  Lot's of upgrade issues and user unhappiness.

 15:53:28 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 15:54:06 <ScottK> We've been pushing bugfix updates of akonadi/kdepimlibs/kdepim/kdepim-runtime to try and make the best of it.

 15:54:26 <ScottK> We'll almost certainly want a zero day SRU too.

 15:54:34 <ScottK> (and more after that)

 15:55:16 <ScottK> We kind of got stuck by upstream on this, but hopefully getting it in the hands of users will get upstream enough feedback 4.8 will be better for "P".

 15:55:17 <ScottK> ..

 15:55:54 <skaet> Thanks ScottK!   and ack about the 0-day SRU. :/

 15:56:58 <skaet> please milestone any bugs not able to make it in now, as oneiric-updates, so we can track them.

 15:57:26 <skaet> (or rather,  not worry about chasing them down next week)

 15:57:31 <ScottK> Also expect the world's longest release note.

 15:57:55 <ScottK> They may not all be in LP as we try to push users to bugs.kde.org to file these bugs as much as possible.

 15:57:56 <skaet> Ok,  I'll be posting the framework either this afternoon or monday, so you can compose as you go.

 15:58:34 <ScottK> We're still using the ubuntu-release-notes project for release note material, right?

 15:59:05 <skaet> ScottK,  yes, its one of the mechanisms.    But there is overlap with prior releases so its not the only one.

 15:59:14 <ScottK> OK

 15:59:42 * skaet will try to prune out the cruft from past releases early next week.

 16:00:04 <skaet> any questions for ScottK?

 16:00:19 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 16:00:33 <charlie-tca> We would like to think we are in pretty good shape now

 16:01:01 <charlie-tca> I see the Alternate amd64 image is slightly oversize, but that is not an issue. We can remove a language pack to get it sized

 16:01:23 <charlie-tca> We have done many bug fixes this week, and also wrote a patch for lightdm.

 16:01:32 <charlie-tca> lightdm now works for all flavors

 16:01:48 <czajkowski> c

 16:01:50 <charlie-tca> I don't have any significant issues at this time.

 16:01:54 <charlie-tca> Any questions?

 16:01:56 <charlie-tca> ..

 16:02:07 <skaet> Thanks charlie-tca.    glad to hear that lightdm concern have gotten sorted.  :)

 16:02:15 * charlie-tca nods

 16:02:28 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 16:02:38 <gilir> hi :)

 16:02:48 <skaet> :)

 16:02:49 <gilir> Last week, we had several fixes for very old issues (apt-xapian-index, boot menu not translated, headers not installed properly), thanks to people who help on them :)

 16:02:57 <gilir> Also, with the beta 2, we had several testing reports, very complete.

 16:03:06 <gilir> With them, we found several bugs which was out of our radar.

 16:03:16 <gilir> The most annoying one is a random boot failure of the desktop ISO (bug 854837)

 16:03:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 854837 in casper (Ubuntu) "Lubuntu live image boots to TTY" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/854837

 16:03:27 <gilir> I'll greatly appreciate if an expert of casper/ISO boot process can have a look at it, to see what information is needed to debug this.

 16:03:38 <gilir> Also, bug 820080 is still here, but a fix seems available, it would be very nice if it can be pushed for the final release :)

 16:03:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 820080 in libappindicator "broken fallback icons for indicators" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/820080

 16:03:43 <gilir> ..

 16:04:09 <skaet> Thanks gilir!

 16:04:29 <skaet> if the fix for 820080 can be uploaded, we can see about getting it reviewed.

 16:04:46 <skaet> I'll also make a note of the casper bug in my lists.

 16:05:20 <skaet> any questions for gilir?

 16:05:25 <skaet> [TOPIC] MOTU Team update - tumbleweed

 16:05:52 <skaet> or Laney?

 16:06:23 * skaet notices that both seem to be marked away today.

 16:06:39 <skaet> not sure we have quorum for the next topic then either.

 16:06:52 <skaet> which would have been the Unseeded Universe Freeze

 16:07:30 <skaet> Will keep the discussion on the list, and try to get the summary mailed out shortly to the wider development lists.  (and process pages updated)

 16:07:38 <skaet> [TOPIC] Any other business?

 16:08:45 <ScottK> \o

 16:08:54 <skaet> go ScottK

 16:09:05 <ScottK> I hope you know you're signed up to hit the release timing to the second: http://www.thisisthecountdown.com/

 16:09:07 <ScottK> ..

 16:09:24 <skaet> ???

 16:09:27 * skaet goes to look

 16:09:38 <ScottK> Not sure who did that.

 16:09:48 <charlie-tca> to the second?

 16:10:21 <skaet> Thanks for flagging ScottK...   appreciate knowing about it now, and plan to do some digging.  :P

 16:10:48 <ScottK> It at least isn't obviously a Canonical domain, so no idea who's behind it.

 16:11:57 * skaet has another task on her list for the afternoon it seems.

 16:12:29 * skaet looks around for other questions?

 16:12:43 <skaet> Thanks mlegris, jibel, jdstrand, ogaswara, cjwatson, Daviey, ogra_, fabo, pitti, dbarth_ ScottK, stgraber, charlie-tca, gilir!

 16:12:47 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)