#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 16:04:06 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-14-16.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Lightning round
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/769005/ - thanks to cjwatson for guidance!).  (jodh, 16:11:25)

 *Bugs

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:27:03 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (43)
 * stgraber (23)
 * ubottu (16)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * cjwatson (10)
 * jodh (9)
 * barry (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * besmirgogu (1)
 * ScottK (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:04:06 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:04:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Dec 14 16:04:06 2011 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:04:06 <meetingology> 

 16:04:06 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:04:52 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:05:06 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e cjwatson barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek)

 16:05:09 <slangasek> cjwatson barry ev slangasek bdmurray doko stgraber jodh

 16:05:24 <slangasek> ev and doko are out, so this should be quick :)

 16:05:25 <slangasek> cjwatson:

 16:05:40 <cjwatson> Some ubiquity fixes: DPKG_UNTRANSLATED_MESSAGES=1 as requested by bdmurray; armhf support; fix for next button to say "Install Now" more reliably when it's supposed to (bug 766265).

 16:05:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 766265 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "Ubiquity proceeds to use free space without warning" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/766265

 16:05:42 <slangasek> (I'll fill in doko's status for him)

 16:05:44 <cjwatson> Added uninstallable output for -updates suites (http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/testing/lucid-updates_probs.html et al).

 16:05:47 <cjwatson> Serious cleanup so I actually have some free space on my SSD ...

 16:05:52 <cjwatson> Submitted several more Launchpad branches for review (bug 551510, bug 118227, bug 240965, bug 383044).  This is mostly because it's clear that there's no Launchpad development resource for a lot of these things and they aren't going to get fixed otherwise; in particular it's been a thorn in my side for some time that installer images aren't signed.

 16:05:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 551510 in Launchpad itself "Port to new python-apt API" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/551510

 16:05:56 <cjwatson> Working on getting germinate output generated directly from the database (for foundations-p-image-build-pipeline).  Partly done but I need to rewrite mvo's Supported extra-overrides handling to work with it.  Some germinate fixes to support this.

 16:05:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 118227 in Launchpad itself "main/debian-installer missing from Release files" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/118227

 16:05:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 240965 in Launchpad itself "publisher doesn't deal with pockets becoming empty" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/240965

 16:05:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 383044 in Launchpad itself "No GPG signatures for nonstandard installers" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/383044

 16:06:01 <cjwatson> Converted libproxy to multiarch.

 16:06:03 <cjwatson> Started on investigating bug 709363.  Hopefully I'll have more luck than previously.

 16:06:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 709363 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "swap partition disappeared during installation" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/709363

 16:06:07 <cjwatson> ..

 16:06:18 <barry> bug 901840 (cython ftbfs); python 3 porting blog post; udd meeting w/poolie; python-dbus porting - submitted upstream, some parts are already being committed to trunk; will be committing more atomic changes to personal git branch and working with upstream on each smaller change.  done.

 16:06:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 901840 in cython (Ubuntu) "FTBFS due to test failures" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901840

 16:06:47 * ScottK gives a big +1 on the python3 porting post.

 16:07:04 <slangasek> I just got a chance to read that yesterday... good stuff

 16:07:04 <barry> ScottK: thanks!  been some good comments there too

 16:07:25 <barry> thanks

 16:07:48 <slangasek> * sync cricket to unblock IS

 16:07:49 <slangasek> * progress on multiarch: gstreamer stack is nearly done now!  maybe done by the end of the year

 16:07:51 <slangasek> * following up on bootcharts:  trying to figure out why there's still a lot of noise in the numbers (10% variance between two successive runs?)

 16:07:54 <slangasek> * rally planning

 16:07:57 <slangasek> * working with other teams regarding the vulnerable sun-java6 packages that we need to get rid of

 16:08:00 <slangasek> * merging armhf eglibc support into Debian for infinity

 16:08:01 <slangasek> (done)

 16:08:12 <bdmurray> Changed arsenal reporter light-style.css to use launchpad's status and importance coloring

 16:08:15 <bdmurray> Repushed arsenal's cbd since it was lost or over written

 16:08:18 <bdmurray> Updated bug bot to tag ubiquity bug reports ubiquity-upgrade

 16:08:20 <bdmurray> Investigation into ubiquity bugs not matching bug patterns / discovery of bug 901381

 16:08:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 901381 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "excepthook in gtk_ui.py should write a crash report instead of calling ubuntu-bug" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901381

 16:08:24 <bdmurray> modification to bug bot to not mention sponsors when commenting on reviewer bugs

 16:08:27 <bdmurray> review of bug reports for the defect analyst bug dashboard

 16:08:30 <bdmurray> work on bug pattern consolidation job on cranberry

 16:08:30 <bdmurray> working with defect analysts regarding a bug workflow diagram

 16:08:30 <bdmurray> working with d3 (javascript graphing) and recent package bugs

 16:08:30 <bdmurray> created a team-recently-(triaged|confirmed) bug report

 16:08:38 <bdmurray> done

 16:09:16 <slangasek> (doko)

 16:09:17 <slangasek> - armhf bootstrap, fixing some build failures

 16:09:22 <slangasek> - look for compiler ICE's in the armhf builds, reproduce and file gcc reports

 16:09:28 <slangasek> - llvm/clang/dragonegg updates

 16:09:34 <slangasek> - staring at clang, started to fix the default settings for armel and armhf.

 16:09:37 <slangasek> - python-central demotion, mostly finished

 16:09:40 <slangasek> - GCC and binutils updates

 16:09:42 <slangasek> - syncs and merges

 16:09:45 <slangasek> - gnat build for armhf, still in progress

 16:09:48 <slangasek> (done)

 16:10:21 <stgraber> - Testing tracker

 16:10:21 <stgraber> - Production instance upgraded on Thursday!

 16:10:21 <stgraber> - Spent part of Friday fighting bugs (wrong version of PostgreSQL and squid breaking the API)

 16:10:24 <stgraber> - Flavours

 16:10:27 <stgraber> - Daily automated testing is now running and posting the results to the tracker (showing a week's history on the tracker)

 16:10:30 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:10:32 <stgraber> - New ifenslave has been uploaded, followed by another upload to fix bridging (bug 889423)

 16:10:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 889423 in ifenslave-2.6 (Ubuntu) "802.3ad bonding not configured correctly" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/889423

 16:10:36 <stgraber> - Started to look at SRUing ifenslave, will need some discussion with the SRU team as the change are quite extensive

 16:10:39 <stgraber> - Started looking at eventifying the vlan package, still need to test and upload

 16:10:42 <stgraber> - Posted review of dnsmasq and discussed with security team about turning it on by default

 16:10:45 <stgraber> - Wrote patches to Network Manager to start dnsmasq with the right parameters (bug 903854)

 16:10:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 903854 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Change default dnsmasq flags to not include --strict-order and disable caching" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/903854

 16:10:48 <stgraber> - Containers

 16:10:51 <stgraber> - Sent patch to James to make mountall work in a container without the need for our current lxcguest upstart jobs

 16:10:54 <stgraber> - Installer

 16:10:56 <stgraber> - Going through casper bugs, especially these with patches attached, reviewing/merging and cleaning up some of the code

 16:10:59 <stgraber> - TPM

 16:11:02 <stgraber> - Pushed opencryptoki bugfix as an SRU to lucid, maverick and natty (bug 645576)

 16:11:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 645576 in opencryptoki (Ubuntu Natty) "TPM token fails to reinitialize properly on reload" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/645576

 16:11:05 <stgraber> - TODO (pretty much unchanged since last week)

 16:11:08 <stgraber> - Look at the new ifupdown in Debian (beta2), isolate the fix for bug 876829 and SRU to Oneiric

 16:11:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 876829 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Precise) "Oneiric's ifupdown breaks ip aliases" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/876829

 16:11:11 <stgraber> - Start poking at resolvconf

 16:11:13 <stgraber> - Talk with cyphermox now that he's out of +1 :) (IPv6, complex networking in NM, dnsmasq, VPN stuff, ...)

 16:11:16 <stgraber> - Still need to get my iSCSI test setup online again and then look at the merge...

 16:11:19 <stgraber> (done)

 16:11:25 <jodh> Released Upstart 1.4. Working on merge of lp:upstart into Ubuntu (icky:

 16:11:25 <jodh> http://paste.ubuntu.com/769005/ - thanks to cjwatson for guidance!).

 16:11:25 <jodh> Currently we have a failing test which appears to be caused by the

 16:11:25 <jodh> builds chroot environment. Lots of cookbook updates (prolly release

 16:11:25 <jodh> later today). Plan: Finish Upstart merge and work on plymouth bug 553745

 16:11:27 <jodh> and bug 849414). My last day before Christmas is Friday.

 16:11:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 553745 in plymouth (Ubuntu Maverick) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/553745

 16:11:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849414 in plymouth (Ubuntu Precise) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849414

 16:11:30 <jodh> ‚ùÖ

 16:13:14 <slangasek> thanks all

 16:13:19 <slangasek> any questions re: statuseses?

 16:13:41 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:13:51 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything new bubbling up this week?

 16:14:20 <bdmurray> slangasek: no not really

 16:14:28 <slangasek> ok

 16:15:27 <bdmurray> actually bug 818177 has seen some recent activity

 16:15:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 818177 in udev (Ubuntu Precise) "boot failures because 'udevadm exit' times out while udevd waits for an already-dead thread" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/818177

 16:15:53 <besmirgogu> Hi Everybody!!

 16:17:17 <slangasek> bdmurray: I think those comments are misdirected and I'm not sure they're worth following up on individually; we know that we have two other bugs related to udev races still, apw is working on one (bnx2 firmware) and hallyn is working on the other (lvm2) and waiting for me to review/merge

 16:17:54 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay, that makes sense

 16:17:55 <cjwatson> Would anyone like to attack bug 545790?  It's on rls-p-tracking, and it has a relatively clear explanation from mdz; it should be a matter of saving errno until it comes time to display it

 16:17:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 545790 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "package PACKAGE failed to install/upgrade: error writing to '<standard output>': Success" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/545790

 16:19:38 <slangasek> <crickets>

 16:19:52 <slangasek> :)

 16:20:06 <slangasek> well, I'll mark that one 'triaged' at least :)

 16:21:19 * jodh wonders what a "crashed recycle bin" is...?

 16:21:51 <slangasek> heh

 16:21:59 <jodh> don't recycle whilst driving I say!

 16:23:04 <slangasek> ok, well, that one remains on the list of bugs for us to tackle this cycle then

 16:23:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:23:17 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:23:18 <cjwatson> or I'll take it, I was just hoping somebody else would :)

 16:23:32 <slangasek> I think everyone else's queue is also full at the moment :)

 16:24:29 <slangasek> btw, if anyone has outstanding expenses for the year, remember that it's a good idea to do those before you go on end-of-year holidays :)

 16:26:06 <slangasek> and next week will be the last meeting of the year... for whoever's still around by that point

 16:26:09 <slangasek> :)

 16:26:45 <barry> :)

 16:27:03 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)