#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by NCommander at 15:00:03 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-17-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20111117   (NCommander, 15:00:47)
 *http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html
''ACTION:'' ogra to smack status.u.c with skaet  (NCommander, 15:05:07)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-precise-arm-server   (NCommander, 15:09:09)

 *ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)
''LINK:'' http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-server/daily-preinstalled/current/   (NCommander, 15:13:30)

 *Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 *ARM Hardfloat status (infinity)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 *Linaro Updates (rsalveti)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:00:42 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * ogra to smack status.u.c with skaet



== Action items, by person ==

 * skaet
 ** ogra to smack status.u.c with skaet



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (89)
 * NCommander (46)
 * rsalveti (32)
 * janimo (31)
 * GrueMaster (28)
 * infinity (23)
 * ppisati (22)
 * cooloney (11)
 * davidm (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * ahs3 (2)
 * lool (2)
 * plars (2)
 * skaet (2)
 * mrjazzcat (1)
 * cmagina (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:03 <NCommander> #startmeeting

 15:00:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 17 15:00:03 2011 UTC.  The chair is NCommander. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:04 <meetingology> 

 15:00:04 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:14 <NCommander> Bah, 3 seconds late :-(

 15:00:47 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20111117

 15:00:58 <NCommander> so who's here?

 15:01:07 * janimo waves

 15:01:12 * mrjazzcat is here

 15:01:12 * ogra_ pretends to

 15:02:14 * ahs3 may or may not be here

 15:02:21 <ogra_> cooloney, !

 15:02:24 <ogra_> good to see you

 15:02:28 * rsalveti waves

 15:02:31 <cooloney> ogra_: thx, man.

 15:02:38 * davidm waves

 15:02:40 * cooloney waves

 15:02:53 <NCommander> morning davidm cooloney rsalveti mrjazzcat janimo and ahs3

 15:03:00 * GrueMaster is propped up in a corner with a large mug of coffee.

 15:03:10 * cmagina waves

 15:03:21 * NCommander is wondering if he'll ever see the sun again

 15:03:24 <NCommander> [topic] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:03:46 <NCommander> so I grouped all the specs into two topic specs; one for ARM server, and a general one

 15:03:55 <NCommander> But only one is showing up, anyone know who needs to be prodded?

 15:04:12 <janimo> I have no WIs there apparently

 15:04:21 <davidm> NCommander, talk with skate

 15:04:21 <skaet> NCommander,  they need the blueprints accurate with WI's before they show up.

 15:04:22 <janimo> but both infinity and Adam Conrad do

 15:04:32 <NCommander> skaet: they're there :-/

 15:04:43 <skaet> NCommander - all they syntax correct?

 15:04:45 <ogra_> NCommander, action me with it

 15:04:53 * davidm thinks his fingers are still not working correctly

 15:04:57 <janimo> I do not exclude the pssibility of getting the syntax of the WI entries wrong again

 15:05:06 <ogra_> i'll take care of it with pitti on monday if all specs are 100% there

 15:05:07 <NCommander> [action] ogra to smack status.u.c with skaet

 15:05:07 * meetingology ogra to smack status.u.c with skaet

 15:05:27 <ogra_> *everyone* spec deadline is tomorrow !!!!

 15:05:35 <ogra_> make sure to have all your WIs in

 15:05:44 <ogra_> and to have david approve them !!!

 15:06:07 <NCommander> if anyone needs help drafting specs, poke me

 15:07:36 <davidm> Anyone needs a spec approved poke me today in the next 4 hours

 15:07:46 <ogra_> even if unfinished ?

 15:08:00 <ogra_> well i have all my WIs but not the text complete yet

 15:09:05 <NCommander> I find the LP depednency tree really becomes useless after a LOT ofspecsareadded

 15:09:09 <NCommander> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-precise-arm-server

 15:09:35 <NCommander> (I can't turn up the zoom enough to even read the names)

 15:10:17 <janimo> NCommander, stop reading it on your cellphone :P

 15:10:18 <ogra_> heh

 15:10:47 <NCommander> janimo: I can't even read it on my external monitor

 15:11:27 <NCommander> anyway, anything else on specs/status?

 15:11:31 <ogra_> get a projector !

 15:11:55 * NCommander should add a spec 'if-you-can-read-this-you-dont-need-glasses'

 15:12:14 <ogra_> move ?

 15:12:20 <janimo> mv

 15:12:21 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 15:12:36 <NCommander> Nothing to report

 15:13:03 <NCommander> well, we did manage to build server images

 15:13:13 <ogra_> last cycle you mean

 15:13:28 <ogra_> :)

 15:13:30 <NCommander> http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-server/daily-preinstalled/current/

 15:13:31 <ahs3> have they built recently?

 15:13:34 <NCommander> No,this cycle

 15:13:38 <ogra_> heh

 15:13:47 <ogra_> well, indeed, why shouldnt they build

 15:14:05 <ogra_> how about alternate, didnt we want to do some testing with that =

 15:14:07 <ogra_> ?

 15:14:29 <ogra_> or did we decide that netinst suffices ?

 15:14:38 <GrueMaster> We?  As it "Build more stuff for GrueMaster to test"?  Ok

 15:14:45 <NCommander> I know janimo wanted some live images, but I don't think we've tried to build alternates

 15:14:52 <GrueMaster> s/it/in

 15:14:55 * NCommander thinks we need to clone GrueMaster

 15:15:18 <ogra_> NCommander, only for servre indeed ... no deskto alternates :)

 15:15:25 <janimo> NCommander, btw I got a live img from ogra yesterday, needs fixing but a good first step

 15:15:28 <ogra_> but we dont need to

 15:15:28 <GrueMaster> Bad idea.  I refuse to share my coffee mug.

 15:15:41 <ogra_> janimo, i'll bring that up in the image topic

 15:15:52 <NCommander> GrueMaster: we can clone the mug too. We have the technology

 15:15:53 <ogra_> GrueMaster, two straws, come on

 15:16:09 <ogra_> NCommander, mv ?

 15:16:17 <GrueMaster> I did more testing on the live image.  Having a hard time getting it to be recognized on one large vfat partition by the boot firmware.

 15:16:23 <NCommander> [topic] Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:16:57 <ppisati> nothing new to report except for the usual SRU kernels

 15:17:07 <ppisati> i'm preparing the first P omap4 kernle

 15:17:11 <ppisati> *kernel

 15:17:23 <cooloney> oh, i am working on an internal ARM project. shall i talk here?

 15:17:27 <GrueMaster> Excellent.

 15:17:28 <ppisati> still the same code as in O/omap4 but we a big config review/change

 15:17:33 <cooloney> ppisati: cool

 15:17:41 <ppisati> omap4 should be much close to master now

 15:17:50 <janimo> new ac100 kernel uploaded to precise,  SRU with speaker fix uploaded to oneiric

 15:17:51 <ppisati> *closer

 15:18:03 <janimo> both 2.6.38 based still

 15:18:13 <GrueMaster> ppisati: I also need to ping you later this morning about kernel SRU security failures I am seeing.

 15:18:16 <ppisati> janimo: noone is working on 3.x kernels?

 15:18:32 <ppisati> GrueMaster: impossible! our kernels are perfect! :)

 15:18:43 <janimo> ppisati, upstream does, but does not consider it stable enough yet

 15:18:50 <janimo> we'll get there for 12.04 though

 15:18:52 <ppisati> janimo: i see

 15:19:02 <ogra_> janimo, heh, high hopes

 15:19:13 <janimo> upstream is based on chromeos tree which is 3.0 only

 15:19:22 <janimo> not sure if we can make 3.2 this cycle, ut at least 3.0

 15:19:23 * ppisati would like to work on that (since i finally got the cable and the stuff to hack a serial console in(

 15:19:40 <janimo> ppisati, #ac100 on freenode :)

 15:19:50 <NCommander> ppisati: serial console on the ac100?

 15:19:56 <ogra_> guys dont forget ac100 is a spare time project this cycle

 15:20:01 <janimo> right

 15:20:03 <ppisati> janimo: i know, but i've to finish some other stuff first... unfortunately... :(

 15:20:07 <ogra_> we cant put much work time in

 15:20:13 <ppisati> NCommander: yep

 15:20:26 <ppisati> NCommander: https://picasaweb.google.com/107597647635512051759/AC100SerialPortModification?gsessionid=ot7C1HbZg5CPWzwsGXXpZw#

 15:21:01 <ppisati> but didn't solder it yet (and my gfriend will be here this weekend too... so no spare time...)

 15:21:04 <NCommander> I never realized how tiny the ac100 main board is

 15:21:09 <NCommander> anyway, moving on

 15:21:21 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:21:24 <ogra_> ppisati, if you fry your board or something, ping me, i got a free ac100 with broken kbd here

 15:21:35 <NCommander> FTBFS list is shockingly happy for week 3(?) of archive open

 15:21:36 <ogra_> thats good for parts :)

 15:21:37 * ppisati knocks wood...

 15:21:40 <janimo> tended to a few ftbfs packages

 15:21:48 <janimo> about 4 of them in main

 15:22:01 <ogra_> what about chromium ... did anyone take a look at that ?

 15:22:18 <janimo> not me, only firefox

 15:22:27 <ogra_> i know there are linaro people looking into it too and micahg is desparate to get help

 15:22:42 <ogra_> but there seems to be no conversation between the two

 15:22:50 <ogra_> we should help to get that going

 15:22:54 <janimo> maybe he should hang out on #linaro?

 15:23:26 <janimo> chromium is a pita because its build system is very unlike others and needs quite a learning curve

 15:23:27 <ogra_> probably

 15:23:36 <ogra_> yeah, agreed

 15:24:08 <NCommander> anything else?

 15:24:31 <ogra_> mv

 15:24:40 <infinity> I haven't tested on armel yet, but perl seems sad on armhf/smp.

 15:24:58 <ogra_> infinity, we have an hf topic now

 15:25:03 <ogra_> keep that for it :)

 15:25:09 <infinity> Yes, but this isn't hf-specific, I'm sure. :P

 15:25:15 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Hardfloat status (infinity)

 15:25:24 <infinity> But okay.

 15:25:35 <ogra_> heh

 15:25:49 <ogra_> so where do we stand ?

 15:26:25 <infinity> Perl's (still) grinding through its testsuite on my mx53, but seems happier than the panda that's been stalled on one test for ~20 hours.

 15:26:55 <ogra_> and once thats done we will have autobiuilds magically ?

 15:26:59 <infinity> Python rdeps still need to shake out, and I have a couple of things to rebuild in Essential to move their linker ref, and then the chroot can go to the librariar.

 15:27:13 <infinity> librarian too.

 15:27:58 <ogra_> sounds like we're nearly there \o/

 15:28:07 <infinity> I'd told people "Tuesday" before, but it seems I underestimated how slow my machines are (or, how nasty glib2.0 and perl are on slow hardware anyway)

 15:28:25 <ogra_> cant you abuse some buildds in the DC ?

 15:28:29 <GrueMaster> infinity: You mentioned perl may have issues on armel.  Give me a testcase and I can start it spinning here.

 15:28:44 <infinity> ogra_: I can't parallelise single builds terribly well.

 15:28:46 <ogra_> on hf/smp

 15:28:58 <ogra_> infinity, bah, learn it :P

 15:29:06 <ogra_> yeah, understood :)

 15:29:10 <infinity> ogra_: hf/smp is confirmed, I'm betting sf/smp will have the same problem.

 15:29:21 <ogra_> ah

 15:29:28 * ogra_ didnt catch that

 15:29:54 <infinity> GrueMaster: debootstrap --variant=buildd precise, build perl 5.14.2 on a panda.  See if testsuite hangs indefinitely on dist/Thread-Semaphore/t/01_basic

 15:30:31 <GrueMaster> Will add it to jenkins for logging.

 15:31:31 <rsalveti> janimo: riku is trying to fix the ftbfs at chromium, to be able to cross build it

 15:31:44 <ogra_> rsalveti, yeah, thats what i meant

 15:31:46 <janimo> rsajdok, that is great

 15:31:53 <janimo> rsalveti, :)

 15:31:57 <ogra_> rsalveti, do you knwo if he already talked to micah?

 15:32:05 <ogra_> (i asked him to=

 15:32:16 <rsalveti> ogra_: not sure yet, need to ping him

 15:32:38 <ogra_> (if i cant tab rikus nick i'm always lost)

 15:33:00 <ogra_> (else i would have mentioned him above :) )

 15:33:06 <rsalveti> ogra_: suihkulokki :-)

 15:33:07 <infinity> Haha.

 15:33:08 <rsalveti> trivial

 15:33:30 <ogra_> yeah, indeed, i'm such a whiner :P

 15:33:34 <ogra_> :)

 15:34:05 <infinity> We could all name ourselves after beagle buildds.

 15:34:14 <infinity> Or babbage, rather.

 15:34:16 <ogra_> lol

 15:34:24 <ogra_> anoncaeaeaeae

 15:34:52 <cooloney> i prefer to panda then, heh

 15:35:04 * GrueMaster becomes gruecaeaeaeaeae

 15:35:10 <ogra_> NCommander, mv ?

 15:35:21 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:35:29 <ogra_> preinstalled look fine

 15:35:35 <ogra_> live not so much :(

 15:36:01 <ogra_> i managed to build one manually yesterday but capser is unhappy

 15:36:18 <ogra_> janimo is still researching ... we found some missing kernel options though

 15:36:43 <ogra_> or rather differences in squashfs options ... but that doesnt necessarily mean thay cause the issue

 15:37:10 <GrueMaster> I took the live image and mangled it into one large vfat partition, but the panda wasn't happy (refused to find MLO).  Will retry later today.

 15:37:11 <ogra_> so some more research is needed

 15:37:28 <ppisati> i can hand you a new test kernel in a couple of hours

 15:37:32 <ogra_> GrueMaster, the ext4 should actually be fine

 15:37:43 <NCommander> probably sometime bit rotted badly since lucid

 15:37:44 <ogra_> casper has code for handling that, we checked

 15:37:51 <GrueMaster> Actually, both partitions are vfat.

 15:38:03 <ogra_> NCommander, well, we are missing compression support for squashfs in the kernel

 15:38:16 <ogra_> so that should be the first thing we eleminate

 15:38:26 <janimo> ppisati, even if the kernel is not the issue we should still have omep4 kernel aligned with ubuntu sauce

 15:38:34 <janimo> if that is not already I case of course

 15:39:08 <ppisati> agreed

 15:39:13 <janimo> that's a WI from UDS anyway so no extra work :)

 15:39:54 <GrueMaster> Yes.  Alignment would be good.  Kernel SRU tests currently fail because of being out of alignment.

 15:40:18 <ppisati> GrueMaster: i can beleive it

 15:40:30 <ppisati> omap4 and master were hundreds of options away

 15:40:39 <ogra_> ugh

 15:40:53 * NCommander smacks head on desk

 15:41:07 <ppisati> since the inception of omap4 we always had a config that was closer to vanilla than to ubuntu

 15:41:52 <GrueMaster> Actually, it dates back earlier than that.  I have found discrepancies on Dove and babbage before.

 15:42:45 <ogra_> i remember at least two UDSes where lool and i approached the kernel team about that

 15:42:57 <ogra_> happy it finally happens :)

 15:43:18 <ppisati> you didn't bring enough booze with out then :)

 15:43:24 <ogra_> lol

 15:43:25 <ppisati> s/out/you/

 15:43:58 <ogra_> NCommander, mv ?

 15:44:08 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:44:19 <ogra_> wow

 15:44:28 <ogra_> twice as many images this time :P

 15:44:31 <ogra_> NCommander, mv ?

 15:44:33 <ogra_> :P

 15:44:47 * NCommander beats ogra_

 15:44:49 <NCommander> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 15:45:28 <GrueMaster> Hey, that's me.

 15:45:33 <infinity> Sure is!

 15:45:47 <ogra_> smells like

 15:45:49 <GrueMaster> Steady work on getting kernel-SRU test automation running in Jenkins.

 15:46:13 <janimo> GrueMaster, is there a public url for this jenkins instance?

 15:46:33 <GrueMaster> So far, reimaging of either Oneiric or Precise works very well.  Still some tweaks to make, but the process takes ~15-20 minutes.

 15:46:53 <GrueMaster> I will push jenkins results to jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com in the near future.

 15:47:53 <GrueMaster> I have also been working with the security team to get the qa-regression-testsuite running properly on arm and make it easier to automate.

 15:48:08 <lool> GrueMaster: the OMAP ROM will insist that your partition type matches your FS type; that is, if it's FAT32, you need partition type 0xc; I don't remember offhand the FAT16 type, but you get the idea

 15:48:33 <lool> you also want to make sure you have the bootable flag set on your FAT partition

 15:48:35 <GrueMaster> Still need to figure out a way to auto-install Maverick and Natty on omap4 for SRU testing, but a few ideas are being explored.

 15:49:11 <GrueMaster> lool: That may be it.  I didn't spend much time on it.  Will check after meetings.  thks.

 15:49:20 <GrueMaster> One of many tasks for today.

 15:49:39 <NCommander> anything else?

 15:49:50 <ogra_> mv :)

 15:49:56 <GrueMaster> Automating netinstall is the easiest.  Next will be to automate the server preinstalled images.

 15:50:02 <NCommander> [topic] Linaro Updates (rsalveti)

 15:50:09 * rsalveti waves

 15:50:26 <rsalveti> the milestone we're closing this week: https://launchpad.net/linaro-dev-platform/+milestone/11.11

 15:50:33 <rsalveti> a few important things we did

 15:50:48 <rsalveti> u-boot-linaro spl usb booting for panda is finally done by jcrigby

 15:51:00 <rsalveti> GrueMaster this will work the same way as omap4boot

 15:51:06 <rsalveti> but using the official u-boot for it

 15:51:22 <GrueMaster> Excellent.

 15:51:24 <rsalveti> proper instructions and etc will be released next week, once we finish the 11.11 release

 15:51:50 <NCommander> rsalveti: done?

 15:51:55 <rsalveti> riku fixed a bunch of packages for multi-arch enablement, but still needs to send the changes to ubuntu

 15:52:03 <rsalveti> he was finally able to cross build firefox with multi-arch

 15:52:21 <ogra_> smagoun will be happy to hear that

 15:52:31 <rsalveti> he's now looking into chromium to see if we'll be able to also cross build it

 15:52:51 <rsalveti> next month we're planning to work pushing most of the changes, as for now it was more a experiment

 15:52:52 <infinity> Being able to built it at all would be a start. ;)

 15:53:01 <infinity> s/built/build/

 15:53:05 <rsalveti> yup

 15:53:11 <ogra_> ++

 15:53:14 <rsalveti> other than that we're also enabling the precise images now

 15:53:25 <rsalveti> and hope to have them also enabled at lava soon

 15:53:28 <ogra_> intrestingly there are armel debs at google somewheer

 15:53:35 <ogra_> of v14 or even 15

 15:53:36 <janimo> rsalveti, is there a list of MA enabled packages being worked on?

 15:53:46 <infinity> Yeah, jbailey builds chrome for arm.

 15:53:49 <rsalveti> and something I'd like to talk with you guys later is how to use lava to help testing the ubuntu images

 15:53:53 <infinity> Or chromium.  Or both.  I always forget.

 15:53:57 <ogra_> ah

 15:54:08 <infinity> rsalveti: You know Jeff?  Could be worth poking him.

 15:54:10 <rsalveti> janimo: sure, 1 sec

 15:54:10 <janimo> well those may be native builds no?

 15:54:11 <GrueMaster> rsalveti: It would be nice if your teams could figure out a way to get u-boot into automated testing.

 15:54:22 <rsalveti> GrueMaster: that's in progress

 15:54:26 <infinity> janimo: I'm sure they're native, but we can't build native right now either. :P

 15:54:35 <rsalveti> a lot of discussions with plars about it

 15:54:43 <rsalveti> janimo: https://launchpad.net/~linaro-maintainers/+archive/staging-overlay

 15:54:47 <janimo> infinity, well we sometimes can :)

 15:54:51 <rsalveti> janimo: mostly the ones changed by riku

 15:55:11 <rsalveti> janimo: also a few others at our overlay ppa

 15:55:14 <janimo> rsalveti, these imply upstream pushing I suppose

 15:55:32 <rsalveti> janimo: yup, work for our next cycle

 15:55:41 <cooloney> rsalveti: is there any final release from linaro based on 3.1 kernel? i think every month you guys will release once

 15:55:47 <janimo> Libo would be a great candidate

 15:55:55 <cooloney> rsalveti: or will move to 3.2 sometime

 15:56:00 <rsalveti> cooloney: yes, linux-linaro 3.1 for 11.11 was already released

 15:56:02 <ogra_> cooloney, there are no final releases from linaro :P

 15:56:07 <rsalveti> for now we're still on 3.1

 15:56:10 <ogra_> its all rolling

 15:56:14 <rsalveti> but we should be using tip soon

 15:56:26 <cooloney> got it, thanks

 15:56:39 * cooloney thinks 11.11 is good name for release

 15:56:40 <rsalveti> and marcin also pushed a few fixes for the cross toolchain packages

 15:56:45 <rsalveti> that's all from my side

 15:57:29 <NCommander> [topic] AOB

 15:58:20 * cooloney asks what's AOB for?

 15:58:50 <infinity> All Other Business?

 15:58:55 <infinity> Or Any.

 15:58:58 <ogra_> any other bubblingupstuff

 15:58:58 <davidm> yep

 15:58:58 <plars> GrueMaster: we're looking at building some devices that would make it easier for us to do that

 15:59:02 <infinity> But a bit of a joke with 2 minutes to go. ;)

 15:59:10 <cooloney> infinity: got it.

 15:59:40 <GrueMaster> plars: cool.

 15:59:41 <plars> GrueMaster: but I thought you already had this solved for your purposes with usbboot on panda?

 16:00:13 <GrueMaster> plars: I was mainly thinking of beaglexm.  Still have network issues there.

 16:00:25 <NCommander> we're overtime, so if there's anything urgent, please say it now quickly, else I'll close the meeting

 16:00:29 <GrueMaster> And I only have 1 system.

 16:00:37 <ogra_> NCommander, close

 16:00:42 <NCommander> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)