#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by ogra_ at 15:00:33 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-20-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''ACTION:'' everyone rename their specs  (ogra_, 15:07:24)
''ACTION:'' janimo to add live-installer spec  (janimo, 15:11:16)
''LINK:'' http://merges.ubuntu.com   (stgraber, 15:14:12)



Meeting ended at 15:30:20 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * should we skip the IRC meeting at UDS ?
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * everyone rename their specs
 * janimo to add live-installer spec



== Action items, by person ==

 * janimo
 ** janimo to add live-installer spec



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (96)
 * davidm (25)
 * NCommander (20)
 * meetingology (19)
 * ppisati (17)
 * infinity (14)
 * GrueMaster (14)
 * janimo (12)
 * james_w (2)
 * stgraber (1)
 * wcchandler (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:33 <ogra_> #startmeeting

 15:00:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 20 15:00:33 2011 UTC.  The chair is ogra_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:33 <meetingology> 

 15:00:33 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:48 * davidm is drinking coffee and needs food

 15:01:01 * davidm waves at ogra_

 15:01:11 * ogra_ waves back

 15:01:16 * NCommander wants to shoot the sun

 15:01:21 * GrueMaster raises a coffee mug.

 15:01:40 <ogra_> so seems we have no announcement or wikipage ... i wont make one up right now ... and i dont think we need the agenda actually

 15:01:44 * ppisati has coffee too

 15:02:24 * ogra_ has coffee too now

 15:02:56 <davidm> ogra_, somewhere in todays meeting we need to deicide if we are having a meeting in 2 weeks (during UDS), I personally vote not to.

 15:03:00 <ogra_> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/PBlueprintIdeasseems to look good, apart from achiang everyone has registered their specs

 15:03:15 <davidm> so everyone has plenty of notice if we are not doing it

 15:03:18 <ogra_> do we miss any specs ?

 15:03:28 <ogra_> davidm, ack

 15:03:34 <GrueMaster> Historically we never have a meeting during UDS.

 15:03:51 <ogra_> is there anything urgent that needs to be added to the spec list, anything we forgot or so ?

 15:04:00 <ogra_> if not, lets move on :)

 15:04:03 <NCommander> With specs, I got notification that they'r ein the wrong track

 15:04:08 * davidm is looking at the spec idea page

 15:04:11 <NCommander> I will be moving all specs from 'arm' to 'ubuntu-arm'

 15:04:21 <janimo> sorry for being late

 15:04:24 <ogra_> NCommander, err, i was told our track is called arm

 15:04:32 <ogra_> janimo, you didnt miss much

 15:04:40 <ogra_> we look at the blueprint ideas once more

 15:04:45 <NCommander> ogra_: I was poked by james_w ithas to be ubuntu-arm

 15:04:53 <ogra_> NCommander, weird

 15:04:54 <ogra_> k

 15:04:56 <GrueMaster> And ubuntu-arm seems redundant for the Ubuntu Developers Summit.

 15:05:00 <ogra_> so we have to rename all specs

 15:05:11 <NCommander> ogra_: I'll bedoing so as soonas the meeting is over

 15:05:15 <ogra_> even though i would like to hear that from a second authority

 15:05:17 <james_w> or the track could be renamed

 15:05:22 <ogra_> davidm, ?? ^^^

 15:05:32 <janimo> maybe ubuntu arm was chosen to distinguish from linaro-arm?

 15:05:32 <NCommander> james_w: if you could rename the track to 'arm' I think that would save us a lot of work :-)

 15:05:35 <ogra_> james_w, well, "arm" was what was announced to us

 15:05:47 <ogra_> so getting that would be good :)

 15:05:48 <NCommander> as well as "arm" being historically what we had when we had the ARM track

 15:05:56 <ogra_> that too

 15:05:56 <james_w> I'm just the messenger, I'm not going to rename anything

 15:06:26 <NCommander> james_w: who's the person to talk to on renaming the track?

 15:06:33 <davidm> track can't be renamed

 15:06:45 <ogra_> well, if there is any compellinmg reason for us to invest 1h of work to rename them all vs someone on lp flicking a switch to rename the track, i think i'll go for the track renaming ;)

 15:06:57 <ogra_> davidm, so we have to rename all specs now ?

 15:07:01 <davidm> with Linaro having a connect there it must be clear the track is ubuntu

 15:07:07 <ogra_> ah

 15:07:07 <davidm> ogra_, yep

 15:07:14 * ogra_ sighs ...

 15:07:24 <ogra_> [action] everyone rename their specs

 15:07:24 * meetingology everyone rename their specs

 15:07:27 <ogra_> :)

 15:07:50 <janimo> having few specs pays off in unexpected ways

 15:08:12 * GrueMaster is exempt.  other-p-qa-baremetal-testing

 15:09:10 <ogra_> GrueMaster, well, might be redundantz ... but after i have being told "i go to that sprint because of linaro and i give a sh*t on ubuntu and everything around it" by a linrao employee i think its important so they dont get accidentially into an ubuntu BOF

 15:09:12 <ogra_> :P

 15:09:53 <ogra_> janimo, do you have any ideas that are missing from the BP idea page you want to add ?

 15:09:58 <ogra_> now would be the time ;)

 15:10:13 <janimo> just the livecd evaluation

 15:10:28 <ogra_> ah, yeah, add that 8and a registered spec) please

 15:10:31 <janimo> unless we added that a few days ago

 15:10:37 <ogra_> i didnt

 15:10:43 <janimo> ok

 15:11:14 <ogra_> i dont think we need to talk about images or so today ...

 15:11:16 <janimo> [action] janimo to add live-installer spec

 15:11:16 * meetingology janimo to add live-installer spec

 15:11:29 <ogra_> so lets look at something that makes sense :)

 15:11:31 <ogra_> MOM !

 15:11:46 <ogra_> everyone please pick some merges from mom :)

 15:11:48 <infinity> Oh, speaking of specs...

 15:11:53 <janimo> you mean merges from debian?

 15:11:57 <infinity> NCommander: You might want to fix https://blueprints.launchpad.net/~infinity for me.

 15:12:01 <infinity> (Hint: that's not me)

 15:12:05 <ogra_> infinity, i registered yours, please adjust naming

 15:12:26 <ogra_> janimo, right, mom.ubuntu.com

 15:12:29 <ogra_> and friends

 15:12:35 <NCommander> fixed

 15:12:37 <ogra_> the parent party so to say :)

 15:12:43 <janimo> infinity, are you being cyber-celeb-squatted?

 15:13:07 <ogra_> would be good if each of us could do a few merges before UDS

 15:13:35 * ogra_ makes a checkmark on his mental agenda :)

 15:13:40 <GrueMaster> ogra_: mom.ubuntu.com doesn't exist.

 15:13:50 <GrueMaster> Actual link?

 15:14:12 <ogra_> heh, it used to be mom. years ago ...

 15:14:12 <stgraber> http://merges.ubuntu.com

 15:14:20 <ogra_> should be merges.ubuntu.com

 15:14:39 <ogra_> ppisati, anything exciting to say about kernels ?

 15:15:05 * ogra_ guesses not at that point of the release :)

 15:15:08 <GrueMaster> Other than "We have SRU kernels for testing"...again.

 15:15:16 <ogra_> yeah, as usual

 15:15:19 <ppisati> not really :)

 15:15:20 <GrueMaster> :P

 15:15:37 <ppisati> GrueMaster: btw, we have SRU kernels for testing... again! :)

 15:15:39 <janimo> ac100 kernel (meta later today) in O-proposed

 15:15:49 <ogra_> |\o/

 15:15:49 * GrueMaster facepalms.

 15:16:03 <ppisati> ah, is mx53 going to be supported more and more in the future?

 15:16:06 <ogra_> with fully working sound now, even after suspend

 15:16:13 <ogra_> ppisati, likely

 15:16:16 <ppisati> ok

 15:16:22 <ogra_> but we get the kernel from linaro 1:1

 15:16:32 <ppisati> ok

 15:16:35 <ogra_> not sure if ubuntuization is expected here

 15:16:40 <ogra_> davidm, ^^ ?

 15:16:47 <ogra_> (mx53)

 15:16:50 <ppisati> GrueMaster: i think i want one of those board then

 15:16:59 <ppisati> and, what about the panda 4460?

 15:17:02 <ogra_> ppisati, buy one, expense it

 15:17:03 <ppisati> still MIA?

 15:17:07 <ppisati> yep

 15:17:22 <ppisati> but in USA is cheaper, that's why i would like to "exploit" Grue :)

 15:17:41 <ogra_> order it to the UDS hotel *g*

 15:17:47 <ppisati> i

 15:17:57 <ppisati> and i'll bill it to my room, yep

 15:17:57 <davidm> ppisati, we will carry forward the iMX53 support

 15:18:02 <davidm> such as it is

 15:18:22 <ogra_> sounds like no ubuntuization then

 15:18:31 <GrueMaster> ppisati: We can talk offline about boards.

 15:18:32 <davidm> ogra_, iMX53 from Linaro should be Ubuntuized

 15:18:42 <davidm> by Linaro

 15:18:49 <ppisati> davidm: ok, but what about any new hw we are going to see?

 15:18:50 <ogra_> davidm, k, we didnt do that this time, kernel lives in universe

 15:19:01 <ppisati> davidm: can we already talk about it, or not?

 15:19:15 <ogra_> davidm, oh, by linaro ?

 15:19:16 <wcchandler> any talk of raspberry pi being there?

 15:19:21 <davidm> Should be some new hardware, nothing I can talk about just yet

 15:19:24 <ogra_> i thought they dont do that

 15:19:42 <ppisati> ok

 15:19:43 <ogra_> wcchandler, if they move to a v7 chip

 15:19:45 <davidm> if and when raspberry switches to an ARMv7 chip we will look at it

 15:19:52 <ogra_> *snap*

 15:20:15 <davidm> until then no, Ubuntu is ARM-v7+ only going forward and for sometime now

 15:20:39 <ogra_> we only had one v5 release iirc

 15:20:58 <ogra_> and only one v6 (which we would have skipped if we had had HW back then)

 15:21:04 <davidm> and one v6 release, only because hardware lagged

 15:21:19 * davidm thinks ogra_ types faster then he does

 15:21:39 <ogra_> well, we should go as parrots if there is a costume party at UDS :)

 15:22:11 <ogra_> anyway, lets move on

 15:22:42 <ogra_> i actually have nothing on my mental agenda beyond deciding if we want an IRC meeting during uds

 15:23:14 <GrueMaster> It would be a first if we did.  And it would be during a session.

 15:23:16 <NCommander> We generally haven't, and I'd think it would be redundent if we did

 15:23:25 <ogra_> #vote should we skip the IRC meeting at UDS ?

 15:23:25 <meetingology> Please vote on: should we skip the IRC meeting at UDS ?

 15:23:25 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 15:23:29 <ogra_> +1

 15:23:29 <meetingology> +1 received from ogra_

 15:23:31 <NCommander> 01

 15:23:31 <meetingology> 01 received from NCommander

 15:23:32 <NCommander> -1

 15:23:32 <meetingology> -1 received from NCommander

 15:23:37 <GrueMaster> -1

 15:23:37 <meetingology> -1 received from GrueMaster

 15:23:48 <ogra_> err, did you guys read what i wrote ?

 15:23:49 <GrueMaster> +1

 15:23:49 <meetingology> +1 received from GrueMaster

 15:23:52 <ogra_> heh

 15:23:55 <NCommander> +1

 15:23:55 <meetingology> +1 received from NCommander

 15:24:03 <davidm> how do I vote to avoid the meeting?

 15:24:04 <ogra_> janimo, infinity, davidm

 15:24:08 <janimo> +1

 15:24:08 <meetingology> +1 received from janimo

 15:24:08 <NCommander> davidm: +1

 15:24:10 <davidm> +1

 15:24:10 <meetingology> +1 received from davidm

 15:24:12 <ogra_> davidm, plus 1

 15:24:18 <ppisati> +1

 15:24:18 <meetingology> +1 received from ppisati

 15:24:39 * ogra_ shakes infinity ... wake up !

 15:24:43 <ogra_> :)

 15:24:44 <NCommander> I like that we can change our votes, nice change from the old bot

 15:24:48 <ogra_> #endvote

 15:24:48 <meetingology> Voting ended on: should we skip the IRC meeting at UDS ?

 15:24:48 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:24:48 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:25:00 * infinity blinks.

 15:25:03 <ogra_> 6 were for skipping :)

 15:25:06 <ogra_> yay

 15:25:11 <infinity> I was in an LP channel when you started the vote.  Sorry. :P

 15:25:15 * ogra_ likes to play with the bot :)

 15:25:46 <GrueMaster> ogra_: we could leave if you want some alone time with it.

 15:25:50 <ogra_> so thats all i have, if someone has anything beyond that, now is the AOB topic

 15:26:07 <infinity> Well, I have moderately fun news.

 15:26:13 <davidm> ??

 15:26:14 <ogra_> GrueMaster, i'll cuddle with it after the meeting :)

 15:26:15 <NCommander> Please add any weekly reports to the wiki page, as we'll be doing these again

 15:26:31 <davidm> Yes do add your weekly reports to the wiki page

 15:26:36 <infinity> The archive skew thing is fixed in trunk, tested on dogfood, and is just waiting on a maintenance window to roll out to cocoplum.

 15:26:42 <infinity> So, we should see it in a day or two.

 15:26:46 <davidm> YEA

 15:26:47 * NCommander hugs infinity

 15:26:49 <ogra_> \o/

 15:27:01 <janimo> infinity, nice

 15:27:02 <NCommander> I propose we celebrate with pie at UDS

 15:27:06 <ogra_> ++

 15:27:07 <infinity> I like pie.

 15:27:09 <ogra_> and beer

 15:27:17 <davidm> OK that is more then just moderately fun news

 15:27:23 <davidm> thanks infinity

 15:27:25 <NCommander> davidm: can you make beer and pie happen? :-)

 15:27:31 <ogra_> infinity, oh, what about hf ?

 15:27:36 <infinity> Well, it would be super fun news if it had rolled out last night, but they couldn't fit it in. :)

 15:28:02 <davidm> yes, that is a good question where are we with ARMhf?

 15:28:13 <infinity> ogra_: I'm trying not to set my mx53 and panda on fire getting chroots ready and rebootstrapping toolchains (again).

 15:28:22 <infinity> (and again, and again)

 15:28:32 <ogra_> doesnt sound fun

 15:28:51 <infinity> It surprising how often you can lock up hardware when you really don't want to. :P

 15:29:08 <infinity> Either way, we'll have things building by/before UDS.  And I'm still hoping for "this weekend".

 15:29:18 <ogra_> ++

 15:29:37 <ogra_> anything else we need to discuss ?

 15:29:43 <ogra_> or should i close ?

 15:29:52 <NCommander> I thnk we can close

 15:29:55 <ogra_> speak up now !

 15:29:57 <ogra_> k

 15:30:00 <ogra_> going once

 15:30:08 <ogra_> going twice

 15:30:12 <ogra_> ...

 15:30:15 <ogra_> sold !

 15:30:20 <ogra_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)